My husband and I selected the Diaper \Champ\ mainly because you can use ordinary trash bags and not be roped into buying the specialty refill bags, and it was moderately priced (a little less than the Diaper Dekor). It also seemed that the reviews of this product were generally more positive...The positives are:1. You can use any trash bag2. Easy to use and refillThe negatives are:1. The bag doesn\'t seal around the dirty diapers, so when it comes time to refill the bag, it\'s just like opening a regular trash can. Smells like the Champ is trying to knock YOU out with odor!2. The plastic seems to smell, ie. You put a dirty diaper in the hole, and flip the handle to dump the diaper into the champ. That \side\ of the plastic dumper-thingie is in contact with the air inside the dirty diaper changer, so when you flip it over the next time to dispose of another diaper, you smell the last 8 diapers you put in there...pretty gross.3. The \odor seal\ (some soft material) really seems to retain odor. It cannot be washed or replaced, so after a while, the Diaper \Champ\ smells even when freshly washed and deodorized (I\'m talking about hosing down outside and scrubbing with Clorox cleanser!). Super-frustrating! This is my primary complaint.Okay, so some things are a given as far as disposal systems go (ie. *some* odor, must empty frequently, must wash and disinfect occasionally), but still I think this product leaves much to be desired.We\'re going to try another disposal system.
I have had a diaper genie for almost 4 years since my first son was born and I have been using it with my second as well.  I thought I\'d try the champ to save $ on the genie refills.  Well it is not a $ saver because it does not hold the odor inside so I was constantly changing the trash bags.  The diaper genie is not odorless, but it does a much better job of keeping the room fresh smelling for a longer period before you have to empty it.  The champ is just like a regular trash can with a lid-just looks fancier.  I suppose you could use it as a regular trash can in your child\'s room-they wouldn\'t be able to get into it!  Don\'t waste your $ to \save\ $!  Buy the genie-your nose will thank you!!  Also, if you don\'t keep the dirty wipes enclosed in the diaper, they get this thing all dirty and you have to clean it! YUCK!
We loved this pail at first. The mechanism seemed ingenius, and we appreciated that it took regular bags. But once our daughter started to stand up, that big white handle was irresistable to her, and before we even realized it, she started flipping it. That makes the heavy center portion slide back and forth FAST, and sure enough she caught her finger and started yowling.This was *not* an isolated incident -- if you play with the pail a little bit, you\'ll quickly see that the mechanism is a total finger trap for toddlers. Worse yet, they can slam a finger then hurt it seriously in their attempts to get it free by pushing the handle the wrong way. It\'s really pretty scary.You\'ll notice that the positive reviews here generally say \I\'ve been using this for two months, and it\'s great!\ But once you have older babies, I\'d retire it pronto.
Bad construction is my main issue. My husband assembled it and when changing the bag, you\'re supposed to open up the top head part which tilts back.  There\'s a little plastic tab that\'s suppused to slide in as your opening the top, but instead it get\'s cought so it allows the top to open up only partially. It may just be one defective item that somehow passed the quality control inspection, but I\'ve given up on diaper pails in general.  Talking to 1st time parents, I found out that almost everyone gets one, but almost everyone stops using them very quickly.
Diaper catches and jams in the well and that is particularly nasty when the diaper is dirty.  Also, it is impossible to get it 100% clean after such a jam, which causes the oder to persist.  I have given up and am now throwing my Diaper Champ away and getting something new.
After 2 and half years I still can\'t get the smell out. Its been sitting outside airing out for 3 months now, I think thats where I\'m leaving it too. I love the concept of a diaper champ, but somebody do something about the smell, please.
This is the worst diaper pail ever!  It was great for the first couple weeks, but then it began to smell.  I cleaned the inside and outside with 409 again and again, but the smell would return with the first diaper I put in.  Then to make matters worse my 16 month old figured out it was fun to put toys in the hole where you put the diapers and try to flip it the way I did with his dirty diapers.  I had a Diaper Genie that broke and was hopeful that this less complicated diaper disposal system would work as well, but it does not!
Can\'t get the smell of rank diapers out of the top(cover) of the Diaper Champ. Any better models out there?
Overrated, odor is bad. I changed to Gallon zip-locs, you can stuff a few diapers in a gallon zip loc and discard.  If you don\'t want the diaper smell don\'t get this.
My 8 year old yellow lab was able to get the top of the diaper champ off and get his head stuck in the canistar.  No one was home and he suffocated.  This could just as easily have happend to a small child.  There is no warning in the literature to prevent this type of horrible tragedy .
I believed the reviews of this product, and bought it when my baby was an infant.  It worked very well while I was still breastfeeding, but once we started solid food, the smell was pretty bad.  Each morning when we went into his room, the whole place smelled like diapers.  Still, I resisted the diaper genie, because I didn\'t want to spend the money on the refills.  However, by 10 months, we had enough, and finally bought a diaper genie.  What a difference!!  The only time smell escapes is when we empty it.  To me, it is worth the price of refills not to have to put up with the smell.  If it is not worth it to you, just buy a regular garbage can--it will work just as well as the &quot;champ&quot;.
We got the Diaper Champ because we thought it was smart to use regular garbage bags and not pay for the diaper Genie refills. BIG MISTAKE! This product does not keep odor in, and when you open it up to put in a new bag in, its all over. My daughter\'s room stinks because of this product and we are in the process of trying to find a REAL odorless diaper pail.
I got this pail because I felt it was good that it doesn\'t require you to buy \their\ garbage bags.  But at the end I still didn\'t use it and just use a regular pail.  Now it\'s sitting in my basement.  The reason I didn\'t use it is because it is hard to open up the can to replace the bag and when you are actually cleaning a baby especially when it\'s #2 it is messy at times where you would probably get it in the pail before you flip the handle to dispose of it.  Well then you  now need to clean the pail as well as the baby.  You don\'t need more work with a child.
Worst diaper pale ever!!  I\'ve had mine for 2 years now and I am throwing it away as soon as my second Decor arrives.  No matter how many times I clean the \Chump\ it still stinks.  The diapers and wipes get caught in the drop hole and stuck wet wipes make it stink even worse.  Forget scented trash bags, they won\'t cure the smell of the \Chump\.  Also, watch out when changing the bag, you may lose a finger if the lid unexpectedly slams shut on you when changing it.  Forget this pale and go for the Decor.
This thing freakin\' stinks. Literally. I changed the bags every 1-2 days and wiped with clorox wipes and sprayed with lysol AND used vanilla scented bagsand we could still smell the smells seeping through!! Now I just throw the diapers in the regular trash since I change the bags everyday anyway and we can\'t smell a thing now. Someone else told me this thing stinks and I should have listened to them.
After reading how great this product was on the convenience of not having to but those expensive bags ( diaper genie) I registered for the diaper champ. What a BIG DISAPPOINTMENT. The smell is HORRIFYING!!!! Needless to say I am now going to buy the diaper genie and those expensive bags. I shoudn\'t have the gag reflex every time I enter my daughters nursery. I strongly recommend that you DON\T buy the diaper CHUMP......
The Diaper Champ is TERRIBLE at keeping the smelly diapers from only smelling in the container.  Our baby\'s room was constantly stinky (due to the Diaper Champ, not the baby!), and we were having to empty the container almost daily.  What\'s the point of having a diaper disposal system if you can\'t dispose of diapers efficiently?  Please don\'t buy this product unless you enjoy smelling those dirty diapers.  The Diaper Champ just doesn\'t work.
It\'s true, it does not work as well as the diaper genie. I am going back to that. I have used both and I can assure you, this product does not contain smells - I even put it in the closet, and still we smell it! Save yourself the money.
I chose this pail because I didn\'t want to spend alot on a daiper pail.  In the end, I spent more because I had to buy a different one.  After only a few months of using it, the seal broke and  the odor came through.  The latch would get stuck making it difficult to change the bag.  This is certainly not worth buying!!
This may look fancy, but does not control soiled diapers odors, only wet diapers odors.  You are better off buying a trash can with a lid.
Ok, so the idea of the Diaper Champ is awesome--it is very easy to use--that\'s why I gave it 1 star. However...the thing REALLY stinks!! Someone gave me the Neat diaper disposal system for my baby shower & I absolutely loved it. However, the handle broke on it just 2 weeks ago. I thought...\Maybe I could try the Diaper Champ since I won\'t have to purchase any liners\...Well that was a HUGE mistake!! I see why this thing got 4 stars--all of these parents have young children!! My daughter is 14 months old & because she is older, I guess her diapers come with more odor! After literally only a few diapers, her entire room smelled of poop! I couldn\'t stand it! In one week, I changed the garbage bag at least 4 times. Is that really saving money?? I don\'t think so! Plus her room really smelled bad. I\'m taking it back & getting the Neat again! The Diaper Champ must be great for infants, but you may want to consider something else for older babies!
I cannot believe that anyone has had good luck with this product.  I have emailed Baby Trend for a refund so I can go buy something else.  I am even nursing my daughter and the stench from her &quot;odorless&quot; pail is horrific.  I cannot believe they didn\'t make a space for a deodorizer.  I\'m pretty shocked at how bad it is!
This product was great for the first couple months.  It IS very easy to use, there\'s no twisting or struggling with the special bags, but when your little one starts foods and their mess gets a little more stinky, this pail does nothing to contain the odor.Here\'s the problem...there\'s no seal on the lid.  Where the lid opens to get the bags in and out, it\'s plastic against plastic that\'s not even remotely air tight that constantly leaks the stench of the inside.  Also, the chamber where you place the diaper gives you a waft of diaper pail air each time you flip it.I\'m realistic that it IS a diaper pail and is it going to smell, but this product could do a much better job.  I DO empty mine at least once a week, wipe it with disinfecting wipes, spray it with lysol and let it air out for at least one day before it goes back in her room.  The problem is, you just can\'t get to all the surfaces in the top of the pail.  I spend more time struggling with this thing, cleaning it, and airing it out than is realistic.Save your money on this one.  The cost of not having to buy the diaper genie bags is not worth smell in my little darling\'s nursery.
I have to agree with the other moms. At first the Diaper Champ was a champ, until I had to change the bag.  It is difficult to open, not to mention everytime I did change the bag my nails would break (and I don\'t have long ones).  My daughter is 19 months, still breast feeding and eating solids and let me tell you, her pooh stinks.  Once I decided to take the Diaper Champ out of the room and walk each diaper to the outside dumpster, it still took weeks for the smell to get out of the room.  It penetrated into the room.  Not to mention, one day, little tiny flies started growing inside.  I was changing the bag on an every day basis.  This is by far the worst product out there.  Take my word for it when I say, I rather take the walk and dump the diaper outside than have to use the Diaper Champ ever again.
I have had the Diaper Champ in my son\'s room for 6 months and all of a sudden the room smells like dirty diapers all the time.  The smell is starting to linger down the hall.  I cleaned the diaper champ, let it air out over night and then sprayed it with lysol and it is still stinking up the room!
This thing doesn\'t work very well. It still smells up the room. I\'ve found the only way to not have smelly diapers around is to throw them in a grocery bag, tie it up and put it outside. It\'s cheaper too.
This product is nice in theory but not all that its cracked up to be.  The foam lining comes out after several months of use (this happened to 3 other people I know too), and it does nothing to stop odor.  (If you peek around the latch, you can see that there is open circulation into the diaper bag where odors flow freely).  Save your money and buy something else - this champs a chump.
......all I can say is the smell is horrible.....1 star..... Please don\'t buy this one!
I bought the Diaper Champ because it was recommended to us over the Diaper Genie.  2 weeks after using it we decided it wasn\'t for us.  It didn\'t hold the smells in AT ALL! Tried using scented garbage bags and that didn\'t help! Our room still stunk! I bought the Diaper Genie and while it does\'t keep the smells in 100% (you can still smell it when you open it to put another diaper in) and you have to buy the refill bags, it works a lot better than the Diaper Champ and the room smells a lot better than it did before.
It stinks - we lysol ours 2-3 times a week. Diapers get jammed and it hardly holds any. We are better off buying a flip garbage can lid for like $6 bucks. Same idea without the headache and the \diaper pail\ look.The only good thing with this one is you can use any garbage bag you want.
I was given this tub at my baby shower. At first it seemed to be a great gift because it would work until my daughter was a toddler. Well, it didn\'t turn out that way. The tub leaks water from the bottom even if you follow the directions on how to put it together. I didn\'t realize it was leaking until there was a huge puddle on my bathroom counter. Another drawback is that it is so big that I can\'t get it to drain into my bathroom sink if it is sitting on the counter...so I have to carry it over to the tub to drain. ANY time I have lifted it in order to drain it in the tub, when it was supposed to be locked together...it ALWAYS came apart and water poured out all over the bathroom floor. I had to mop this up three times before I finally decided to give it up and get a new tub.Another thing that was extremely annoying is that my daughter would slide down the net sling everytime which meant I had to constantly pick her up and readjust her...not easy with a wet slippery baby!I HATE THIS TUB!!! I just bought a new tub (FOR LESS MONEY) that is GREAT! It has a sling that goes all the way across the top of the tub so she doesn\'t slip at all. Now she likes bathtime..and so do I.
Don\'t even think about buying this bath tub!!!! It leaks!!!Absolute junk!!!!
The 4-in 1 bath tub leaked on several occassions during set up and with baby inside it.  We could only use it in the shower because it leaked when placed on counter tops or table.  The bottom is sharp against babies back when laying inside it.  The suction cups on the bottom were difficult to work with.  I regret buying this product.
This tub is really just not worth it.  Even if some people have had good experiences, look at how many haven\'t.  There are better tubs on the market -- affordable too.The sling is alright - we use it in the regular bathtub.The bathtub itself is awful - it leaks everywhere.  It would be nice if it didn\'t leak but it does.  I had seen the review on here where someone mentioned that maybe the tub wasn\'t snapped or locked in well -- this one was and it still leaked.Honestly - just look elsewhere - the headaches aren\'t worth it - looks like you have a 25% chance of getting the one tub that won\'t leak.  Ours is in the trash.
I was really excited about this tub, thinking it would fullfil all of our needs- I was wrong! We tried using the tub sling in our sink when my son was about 4 weeks old. He would slide right off of it. It was more work having it in the sink than to just go without. Now as for the tub itself- I tried, my husband tried, as well as several other relatives, and if there is a way to use it without it leaking water....we couldn\'t figure it out!! Lastly, the amount of effort it took to pull the bath to full size, or to push it together for storage was more trouble than anyone would want to mess with. If you decide to give this tub a try, keep the box! We just ended up throwing ours away and buying a new tub.
I bought this tub and am not impressed at all. Here are my top 3 complaints:1) Permanant thumb nail damage in putting the &$*$ thing together.2) Despite draining the tub, hanging it upside down and letting it dry, it still stays moist in spots and is a mold trap.3) Suction cups work VERY good and make for a real you know what to get the tub up.Probably the best part is the slanted infant mesh angle seat. That I use by it\'s self in our big tub. Don\'t waste your money.And one more thing, if you haven\'t broken all of your fingernails, this tub will leak until your husband snaps it like Hulk Hogan.
This tub is very hard to set up and I had to try a few times. The instructions given were lousy, I almost clipped my own fingers in between the moveable part while trying to slide it open fullsize.The base of this tub is also uneven, I\'m not sure if it\'s \'friendly\' to newborns as it could scratch the baby\'s skin. The fabric slide is also flimsy when set up at the edge of the tub, it moves!  This slide DOES NOT snap on as claimed, it simply just sits at the edge of the tub.. don\'t be fooled.Overall, I think if you have to use this tub, it may be better for a toddler since it has the bath ring.For newborns, this tub may not be suitable.  I\'m stuck with it and I don\'t even want to give it away as a gift because I don\'t think it\'s an ideal product.  I am thinking of getting another tub when my new baby arrives.Although the tub itself is \'Made in US\', the plastic quality is poor.  The slide is \'Made in China\' and the quality is acceptable.If you have a choice, don\'t buy this.
I quit using this tub after the first two months. Count me in the group who wishes they had read these reviews before buying...It leaked every time we used it - and we followed the instructions to the letter. I gave up and put the tub on a towel to soak up all the leaking water...It was also uncomfortable for our daughter if she wasn\'t in the sling. The design doesn\'t seem to be logical - all these tough plastic bits digging into the baby when they sit in the tub. We gave up and put it in the basement (where it\'s collecting dust) and bought a new tub.This tub is a waste of money. Don\'t bother with this product, there are much better options out there.
This tub was a big disappointment. It leaked the first time we used it. We ended up buying a simple one-piece tub. The two-piece design sounded like a good idea, but it was almost impossible to engage the locking tabs, and the gasket didn\'t hold up.
Terrible tub! We mistakenly used twice and it leaked both times...not from the center where it takes muscles to push it down to snap properly, but leaky on the sides...and then the suction cups stuck it to the counter and water went everywhere!!! I\'m going to still try to return it ASAP!
I too had a really tough time expanding this tub and would not want to collapse &amp; extend this thing for every bath so it stays open. When open, it is too big to put in the sink and I don;t have much counter space. When carrying a full tub across the kitchen to the table, it leaks all over the floor. I have to pull the table over near the sink and use the sprayer to fill the tub. Terrible. Stick to the regular tubs that have been doing the job for years!
The Tub leaks from the bottom, sometimes in a gush and sometimes in a slow leak.  If left for an hour or so while going to put the baby to sleep, you will come back to find and empty tub and a very wet floor.By the second week the support sling had a funny odor from getting wet no matter how I cleaned it.  AND the suction cups stuck to my tub so hard they left marks!NOT A GOOD TUB AT ALL!
This is a good size tub, but it leaks when you move it. What bothers me the most is that, when it leaks, my poor baby starts to cry because she\'s cold! All of a sudden her warm bath turns into a nightmare. I have to crap her up and refill the tub again, now this is where it becomes FRUSTRATING... Bath time, in and of itself, is a lot of work, and to add a leaking tub, that just draws the line. Hope this helps!
I bought it for my newborn and I hate it!!  Even after reading the instructions it worked ok for about a week and then it started to leak. Do yourself a favor and purchase different one.
this tub is so annoying. i followed the instructions but the tub still leaked!!!
Please do not buy this bath tub! As the other reviews have said, it is a leaky mess! Even with the tabs closed it still leaks! I have to put a few towels under it so that the counter doesn\'t flood! I am online now to find a new one. If you have received this as a gift, as we did, return it! Hopefully Safety First will read these reviews and take this product off the shelf!
This tub does not really take you through four stages.  I received it as a shower gift, and started using it right away.  The sling by itself was OK for stage one, but it doesn\'t fit comfortably or safely in the tub.  Once you have the tub open, it leaks!!!  Just don\'t waste your money; look elsewhere.
Don\'t waste your money buying this tub.  First of all, it was impossible locking the tabs in place.  I had to wait for my husband to come home to put it together, and even he had a difficult time with it.  So if you think that the collapsable feature is a good idea, you\'re wrong.  Secondly, when I filled the tub with water and picked it up, it leaked all over my floor.  I was so upset that I called Safety 1st.  They told me that the tub was not meant to be picked up and that the directions enclosed told me so.  I argued with them about this and demanded my money back.  It wasn\'t until that I demanded to speak to the manager that they told me they would refund my money only if I return the suction cups, the plug, and my receipt.  They said that they would send me a letter in the mail and after I receive the letter I needed to mail in the items.  It\'s been two weeks and I still haven\'t received this so-called letter.  I am never going to buy a Safety 1st item again because their customer service is terrible.
This tub is ridiculous!  My son is barely 4 months old and he can\'t even fit in it lengthwise!  We can\'t adjust it to the sitting position though because he\'s not that great at balancing his upper torso.  So what gives?  We bought a tub that he\'s already outgrown (even though he\'s still a newborn) but can\'t use any of the other positions yet?  What a piece of crap.
We received this tub as a shower gift and started using it after our son\'s cord fell off. It worked GREAT for the first few months, but recently it has started to leak, and leak BAD! I fill it up with water, take my son\'s diaper off and get him to the bathroom, only to find that the tub is already almost empty. VERY disappointing.Also, the sling does NOT lock into place. It doesn\'t fit where it\'s supposed to. My son also slides down the sling all the time.My husband put the tub together and did it EXACTLY as it said to do, so the reviewer who said that it doesn\'t leak if you put it together right is wrong.We went out and bought a different tub today. Hopefully, we\'ll have better luck with the new one.
This tub sounds great on the box but not worth the effort.  LEAKS LEAKS LEAKS!!!  I received this tub as a shower gift and was truly excited.  When my daughter was able to be submerged I filled it up, left the room to undress her and came back to an empty tub.  To this day it will not hold water for more than 10 minutes. My bathtub fills with more water than this baby bath when I\'m trying to fill it for my daughter\'s tub. Buy the cheaper non-collapsable tub and forget about this one.
I bought this tub for my son before he was born and when i started using it i realized that it doesnt hold water.  I hoave to leave the tap on just to keep the tub filled.  Im glad that when I bathe my son I put this leaky tub into the bath tub.  I found that if you stuff a wash cloth in the bottom where the two pieces meet it hold in the water for the most part.  I wish I would have researched it more.  My husband and I thought it would be great so we could have our son grow into it.  Boy were we wrong!!!
We had this tub set up on our counter top to give our son his first bath.  We read the directions carefully while assembling it.  About 10 min of washing my son I realized there was water all over my counter leaking out from the bottom.  I gave it the benefit of the doubt and tried it again being extra careful to do everything exact.  Same thing!!!!!  This Tub Is JUNK!
Stay clear of this bathtub... I cleaned mine and in all of the crevises, MOLD had started top grow. The suction cups are so tight that if you fill up the tub and try to move it, you cannot lift it up. You have to take this tub apart every other day to keep it clean and safe for your child. My daughter also has a hard time laying on the mat. She keeps sliding down and I have to keep picking her back up. Buy a different bathtub for your child.........VERY DANGEROUS
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS BATH. If you have bought the bath already look in the creases for bacteria that\'s growning. I didn\'t realize there was so much dirt and grim in my son\'s bath tub until I saw it floating one day and looked into all the cracks and was mortified.
I received this item as a gift for my baby shower and just started to use it a week ago. When I filled the tub up it leaked water all over my kitchen floor. My husband finally pushed the lock thing down but it still leaked. This product is not something I urge people to purchase.
I can not believe they still sell this piece of junk!!! I recieved this almost exact same thing at my shower over 3 years ago!!!!  I doesn\'t hold water at all! I had to fill the entire tub in order to use it as a &quot;tub seat&quot;on top of that,  my son found it to be the most uncomfortable seat ever when he was 7 months old-all he did was cry in it!! Do yourself a favor, don\'t ever think of buying this-even for your worst enemy, it\'s that bad.
I really recommend another product - anything would be better.I couldn\'t get the bath to clip togther properly, my husband couldn\'t either - so we gave up. We just pushed it together and the water leaked out. My baby was small and he was very uncomfortable in it and slipped around alot.The only bit I finally used was the sling over my knees when we were both in the bath - and its use was limited. This is too gimicky - try a good old fashioned tub.

It leaks every time I use it. It\'s impossible to snap back together if by some miracle you can change the size.  I have to put towels underneath the tub to collect all the water that leaks out of it.  I love the sling, but I am tempted to beat the tub with a hammer just to take out my frustrations with it.  If I could get down on the floor and bathe my son in the big tub with this tub inside, it would probably be easier (but I don\'t think my knees would appreciate it.  I received this as a gift and didn\'t check the reviews before using, I should have.  I am currently looking for another solution to this piece of junk.  Buy at your own risk.
Because this tub expands there is a rubber strip to connect the two pieces once it is expanded.  The problem is after a while that stip will begin to ware out and not hold the bath water.  I do not recommend this one at all.  I am now having my second child and this is definetly not on my registery list.
We found this tub was uncomfortable for our son. He always slid down the sling into the water and we had to constantly lift him back up into position. The sling is also hard and uncomfortable on their little bums. We went out and bought the Evenflo Comfort Tub and it is MUCH, MUCH better and cheaper too. The baby fits very snug and secure and bathtime has become a favorite with him since getting it. We say dump this tub and get the comfort tub designed to go right over your sink.
I bought this tub before reading the reviews...I wish I read it before because it leaked from day 1.  The lock on the bottom is so hard to push down.  It is even hard to slide it together for storage.  My daughter pooped while taking a bath and the water leaked.  I dont recommend this for purchase.
I bought this tub, after having to contact the same company about the older small blue ring model after the cups gave way for no apparent reason and my 7 month went over head first. I went to Toys r Us and bought this nice new one, thinking this contraption was going to be OK. Well listen up people, what a joke, it leaks out every time, since about use after 3 times or so, my Husband can\'t fix it, he messed with sliding it back and forth, locking it in, which is quite difficult. Pressing on the center area doesn\'t work either, it just runs like a siv! I was taking this back ASAP, when I found this site, cant believe the company is still selling these. Also for the record there are very few choices in tub brands for sale in any stores,they seem to be running the show here. If they could fix the leaky problem, I think this tub would be #1, but looks grim. I leave tub on floor in larger tub, I dont move it, as the cups grab rather strong and don\'t release too good.But it is comfortable for sitting for 9 month baby. No water No Bath, I fill 3 times when he is in due to water running out, to let him have some time to play. SAD in Michigan.....not many choices either. I was going to exchange item , for another not knowing everyone else is saying the same thing, but NOW I KNOW.
I was so excited when I recieved this tub thinking it would last for years. Well, first you can NOT use it in your home bathtub, because the suction cups will not adhere to a non-slip surface. Most tubs are non-slip, that\'s what the little bumps are for in your tub. This was fine though, I planned to use it on our kitchen counter. No matter how hard I pressed on the middle \locking\ device water always leaked out onto the counter and floor. This tub is more trouble than it\'s worth!
I received the 4 in 1 bath station as a baby shower gift. One of the reasons why I registered for this item is because you can make it compact so its easy for storage, I found it very hard to keep closing it so I now keep it open which defeated the purpose of easy storage. Another reason why I think this tub is terrible is because once your baby can sit up, you can have them sit with the bar around and between her legs, once you take her out of that position her thighs rub against the bottom of the bar and leaves red scrap marks. I would not recommend this tub to anyone.
First let me say that the mesh sling was great until our on was old enough to roll-over.  We used it by itself in the bath.  But the tub is terrible.  The part that you push to collapse the tub is right on the baby\'s spine and he cannot get comfortable.  And the ring doesn\'t fit right, so my son slides forward and it smashes his crotch.  We just have him sitting up in the bath.
... and I\'m one of them. It\'s not water-tight, the plastic thing that helps them sit upright is just in the way when you\'re trying to put a bigger baby in it- just a total joke. We ended up putting it in a bathtub full of water so our son had someplace to sit but it\'s a huge waste of money, water and effort! Don\'t buy a product when over half the people reviewing it hated it!
I thought I must be doing something wrong - the water would pour out the bottom.  The two separate plastic peices never really snapped together.  My husband tried it and so did my father - this product is JUNK!
The insert is the only thing I really used for my son. I received this as a babyshower gift and was thrilled cause I didnt even think how I was going to bathe my little one. But I only used the slanted insert, and the tub was so hard his little kicking feet pounded on it, sounded painful. It leaked, and wouldnt stay clamped shut... so we just used the insert sling. That was wonderful, but you could buy that for a lot less money by itself.
I didnt realize just how many problems this bath actually had before I bough it. The water wont stay in the bath. I dont care what method you use its impossible to keep the water from leaking, or actually pouring , out. As far as it fitting in the sink I dont know what kind of sink it would fit in , but definately not mine. So basically its useless....
I registered for this tub based on the versatility it supposedly offers, however, I found that this tub and bath sling do not work well for infants.  My baby kept slipping down on the sling and would have been lying down in the tub if I didn\'t keep my hand under her bottom the entire.  Also, I followed the directions exactly and made sure that everything was snapped into place (which is not an easy thing to do!) and the tub still leaked.  Not a huge amount, but who wants a tub that leaks?  I ended up purchasing the Summer Infant fold-up bath seat at Babies-R-Us which I highly recommend. It made bath time less stressful for both me and my baby. I plan to try and use this tub again once my baby can sit up and use the bath ring portion.  I\'m hoping this tub isn\'t a total waste.
I got this tub for my baby shower for my daughter.  I have to say its not at all a good tub for an newborn.  Its a pain to empty and fill.  The suction cups on the bottom are so hard to get off once they stick to something.  Its a big big pain.I do love the sling that came with it and will be using that part for our new baby due in just a few weeks.but the tub its self went to the trash about 3 months after my daughter was born 17 mo ago.Buy something else.
I was hoping to get great use out of this tub, however I had to return it.  It leaks through the seam, even when it was locked.  The store I took it back to, said  lots of people have this problem.  Don\'t waste your money.
I bought this tub thinking that it would last me a long time and the price of it was reasonable. After two months the tub started leaking. At first we thoguht we did something wrong but after a while we discoverd the strip near the crease started to wear out causing the tub to leak. This pruchase was by far the worse $20.00 I ever spent...
The first time we went to put water in the tub for a real bath,  the thing just started pouring water out the bottom (from between the two connecting sections).  Don\'t waste your money!
Do not buy this tub!!!  What a hassle when it leaks all over the kitchen counter and the floor.  The leaking distracts you when you should be paying extra attention to the baby.  I read the directions and also had my husband and my mother try to fix the leaks, with no success.  Also the sling does not stay in the holes and pops out constantly.
I got this tub as a shower gift that I didn\'t register for.  As a new sleep deprived mother, reading directions on how to get this piece of [...] tub to work was more than I could take.  Save yourself the frustration [...]
You don\'t need this extra hassle with bathing a little one.  Our tub has leaked from day one.  I\'ve even taken it apart and put it back together several times.  It\'s leaked when we bathe him in this tub inside our tub, on the counter, or wherever we put it (even with pushing down in the \correct\ places to help the suction).  The sling also does pop out a lot.My husband is ready to throw it out he gets so frustrated with it.  By the time you fill up the tub and get the baby undressed, about an inch of water has leaked out.At four months, my son already stretches to the end of the tub and puts his feet over the edge.  He really likes to do it, but both my husband and I feel as though he\'s already outgrowing it.The tub is easy to clean.  The sling is very convenient.  My son loves his bathtime, but the little issues with the tub drive us crazy.  I\'d recommend seriously purchasing another tub - especially one that is all one piece so you don\'t have to worry about anything leaking out the seams.
Absolutely disasterously designed product. Am taking it back to buybuybaby today. We tried to use it for the first time with our newborn. Instructions could not be more vague.Then there is an area in the middle of the bath that you have to push forward to lock. I did this and all that happened is the bath length extended. I tried many many times and had no luck in hearing a \'snap\' or seeing any evidence that it had locked. In the end we tried to fill it with water and it flooded our bathroom. I tried again to \'lock\' it and could not get it to work.It is a poorly designed and thought through product. The manual couldn\'t be more vague and less helpful to new parents.Just don\'t buy it and save yourself the clean up mess that we just went through.I hope this helps
When our 5 wk old is in the sling, he slides down and the middle snap-thing at the bottom of the tub digs into his bac, also leaving bruises. Very, very poor design.  Also, it doesn\'t even COME CLOSE to fittingin our single kitchen sink.  We refuse to use it anymore. We are gong out to ge the First Years Sure Comfort Deluxe Tub this weekend. It got 4.5 stars out of 5 on amazon and two couples we know swear b it. We should\'ve talked to them before we put this on our registry!
I was not very happy with the 4 in one bath station, because it leaks.  It is made in a way where the water comes out from the bottom, since this tub is interchangeable to eventually be used for a toddler.  It is not sealed properly. I donot recommend this item.
We registered for this tub and took it back the first time we used it. Yes, it does leak even when assembled correctly. The sling didn\'t fit into the tub quite right either. I wouldn\'t put my baby in it.
I thought this would be a great tub as we really needed a space-saving tub. It fit perfectly on the kitchen counter and it was easy to drain the water right into the sink. Well after a couple months I thought I was just careless and not fully extending the tub out to locking position (which the locking tabs are also hard to lock and release- you need pretty strong thumbs!), as several times I had water all over the counter and dripping down the cabinets. The problem with this tub is the rubber stripping which is at the seam between the two halves of this tub. It was completely twisted and coming off. There is not enough room to get your fingers in to fix it or replace it. As time went on the tub was leaking so bad I had to put it into the real bathtub in the bathroom. It eventually stopped holding water altogether. When I see people with this tub in their shopping carts, I immediately tell them about this tub and they can\'t put it back fast enough.
I bought this tub despite of poor reviews because I figured that I could make sure that this tub didn\'t leak.  In terms of idea, it\'s great.  The sling was perfect for my newborn.  The idea of it shrinking was great too.  But the tub is extremely difficult to break down.  Also, it\'s really hard to get the tabs to go in to &quot;lock&quot; it so it doesn\'t leak.  I finally just left the tabs in place.  Well, within a few days, it leaked like a sieve.  The tabs were locked, everything was fine.  It just gives way and starts leaking.  Bad investment!
This station is so difficult to use. Bath sling doesnot fit properly in station.
I got this bathtub as a baby shower gift and it looked like a good one.  I did read the instructions begining to end.  The tub worked fine for about a month.  But then it started leaking bad all over the place.  Like a new mom doesn\'t have enough to do with out cleaning up a flood.  Anyways it just doesn\'t seal properly.  For awhile it would only leak when you picked up the baby and it didn\'t have that extra weight on it.  But now it leaks constiently.  So now I have to go buy one of the few things I didn\'t have to pay for in the first place.  This tub is the tub of my nightmares!  Don\'t waste your money and time buying this worthless piece of junk.
This item is junk.  I originally chose it because it was a great concept, following the child through the stages.  I received it as a shower gift from my registry and once home I wanted to try it out.  When I expanded the tub, the center never snapped into place, so I could imagine that it would leak water out of it and perhaps could even pinch the baby\'s skin.  I tried everything to get it to snap but had no luck.  Then when I tried to collapse it I had such difficulty that by the time I was finished both of my hands were bright red from pushing and pulling and pressing the tabs.  The tabs on the sides were impossible to push down.  I thought this was a very poorly designed product and took it back immediately and purchased just a regular tub with an infant attachment.  Don\'t waste your money on this product, it is junk!
I orignally purchased this tub because it is a product of Safety 1st and because I thought it would be a great long-term bath for my baby since it has the ability to expand, collapse, and had a place for babies or toddlers to up in. Boy was I wrong.The first one I had began leaking a few weeks after I had been using it. We took it back for a replacement and a month or two later it starts leaking again, even worse than the first one leaked! I had to place towels underneath it before I filled it up with water and this morning  all the water just spewed out of the bottom soaking the entire towel and getting my bathroom counter all wet.I am taking it back today and finding a better tub. I wouldn\'t recommend this tub to anyone. If you look at the actual construction of the tub there is an evident hole beneath the tub between the two parts of plastic which has been rigged to absorb the water with a piece of sponge. Very ineffective product. I plan on writing to the manufacturer as well and encourage them to either stop selling this faulty product or revise the tub and stop the leaking.Hope this helps you.
Don\'t waste your money, even if you follow the directions, it still leaks.  I ignored the reviews and registered for it anyway because I thought that it was cute and practical.  In the beginning, we read the instructions and did not have any problems at all.  My son is 5 months old now, and by the time that we finish with his bath, he\'s sitting in an empty tub. Take heed!!!!  If not, you can\'t say that no one told you.
I had such high hopes for this tub. It looks so neat on the outside of the box, but looks can deceive!! I am still using it, but I \cuss\ at it every time for leaking all over!. I use it over my kitchen sink-as I have a spout that pulls out- and i have to surround the tub with towels so I do not get water all over everywhere. When you think about it\'s design, you realize what a stupid idea it is! A tub with a crack in the bottom! Destined to leak. If you want to make yourself clean your floors and countertops every time you bath baby -this is the tub for you - otherwise, save yourself the trouble and get something better!!
My baby is now 8 months old and we have decided to give up the hassle of using this bathtub.  First, it leaks through the division in the middle.  At the beginning it wasn\'t everyday but a few weeks ago we had to bathe our baby girl quickly so we wouldn\'t loose the water.  Second, the cloth in the bouncer-like baby holder is supposed to be mildew proof..Not!  I have even tried drying it by sunlight and it still smelled weird.  You have to wash it every couple of days.  Third, I would put the tub upside down resting on the bathtub and I would still find yellow mildew through the cracks and underneath the sitting attachment.  Fourth, the sitting attachment would not work for my baby girl.  It makes them sit too tightly and I couldn\'t reach her very well to bathe her.
After using this tub for 11 weeks we found mildew had grown underneath the tub where the two pieces snap in place plus under the blue ring.  I immediately threw it away and went and bought a tub that does not snap together. I do not recommend it unless u plan to pull it apart after each use so it can dry properly.
I received the bath station as a gift at my baby shower.  I had put it on my registry thinking it was great to have tub since I could use it until my son reached his toddler years.  At first I had to figure out how to assemble the tub which took me a little while to do, because it was so hard to pull together.  After I used the bath station it was fine for a couple of uses (about six times) then all of a sudden water started leaking from the tub from the sides now I have to go and buy a new one.  I recommend you do not buy this product.
This is the WORST bathtub EVER! It leaks where the seams are, and the sling is awful..does not support well. Also, where the seam of the tub is on the inside, there is a ridge that digs into baby\'s lower back, which doesn\'t seem too comfortable to me. The sling is too weak to hold baby up over this... even as a newborn (mine was only 6 lbs at birth!). You have to use at least one hand to hold baby up or to keep from slipping into the water (SAFETY HAZARD!!! HELLO!!!!!) So your hands aren\'t both free to clean baby. Just take my (and everyone else\'s it seems) advice and do not buy this or put it on your registry. I have, however, heard many good things about the eurobath. I think I\'m going to buy that one to replace this piece o\' bumpkiss.
At first It was okay I\'ll admit that. Until I dedcided to use it more often I thought now I can give my baby a wonderful bath.  Well I followed the directions and set it up properly but the seal on it is terrible.  I had it leak on my countertops I had to shove towels under it before it could leak all over the place.  I Am supposed to get soaked from the baby splashing not the a leaky tub. I do use it in the tub now but I have to fill her tub every few minutes to keep it at a decent height.
Leaks! Especially difficult to get a tight seal if you use one hand (while holding baby). A much better design is the Breast Flow Learning Curve First Years bottles. Instead buy The First Years 3pk. Breastflow 5oz. Bottles These worked much better for me.
I really wanted to like these bottles because they are wide and they don\'t have any funny parts. But these things leak and leak. What a shame.
I had started with these bottles.  Then I called AVENT, and they told me these bottles contain BPA.  I switched to the Tempo Liner bottles and they work just as well.
These bottles are terrible~once you get comfy with baby and start feeding~they leak all over, then you & baby are soaked (and smelly~especially when on whole milk) and no longer relaxed.  Terrible!!!
You turn the cap less or you make it tight,No matter how you try, you wont get it right.You think they drank four, but they only got three,Because below their mouths, the bottle\'s on a leaking spree.The thing is going to leak, screw it as you might.Who needs this aggravation, at 3 in the night.Warm milk or cold milk, no matter what it holds,Its gonna leak out and seep into their neck folds.You\'ll need a calibrated wrench, from the Institute of Measures,Who needs these leaky hassles, to feed their little treasures.Each time I use them now, I end up swearing,Many have leaked similar complaints, how can Avent be so uncaring?
I started using these bottles prior to going back to work, wanting a bottle similar to the (...).  My daughter took the nipple, no problem.  I didn\'t have a problem with leaks...as everyone else noted, you just screw the nipple ring on lightly and assemble the nipple and ring while wet...that\'s all it takes.  I do however have a problem now with terrible gas build up in the evenings and gas noises that make my husband blush!!! .  You moms know the screams of a baby with gas build-up...it\'s awful.  I had been using gas drops, but wanted a solution and not a quick fix. I switched to the Dr. Brown\'s bottles and she hasn\'t had the painful gas since!!!
The appearance and size are nice, but these bottles cost too much to have them leaking all over you when you are trying to feed your baby. They are not worth the money because they leak way too much.
I had nothing but leakage problems with these bottles. I contacted the company and they told me all these different tips of assembling the bottles that should stop leakage. Needless to say none worked. Luckily for me I was able to return the larger bottles. I am although stuck with eight of the smaller ones. First off let me say when you are sleep deprived you dont\' want to be worrying if the bottle lip has a drop of water on it that will cause it to leak or if you have over tightened or under tightened.  There is no time to worry about all these little things when you have a hungry screaming baby. The bottles are by far not cheap and there shouldn\'t be so many issues.  I have many friends that have said that theirs leaked as well...too bad they didn\'t tell me before I registered for them.  Oddly enough if you buy a bottle in the .99 cent store you don\'t have all these issues.  When I returned the larger ones to Babies R US there were a lot of other returns as well.  I will give these to my daughters to play with their dolls.  In addition to the leakage I noticed that my son was extremely gassy and would cry so much after eating.  I have told my friends who are registering now to save their money and find an alternate bottle.
These bottles leak.  It doesn\'t matter how you assemble them, or if you assemble them wet, or dry, or in space, or in a cave.  They leak.  Terribly.  And Avent knows it.  They will even replace your leaky bottles if you call 1800 54avent.  Of course the ones they replace it with also leak.  Buy Dr. Browns instead.
Just when you least expect it for no obvious reason these bottles leak.  And by leaking I mean leak A LOT.  A lot of milk dribbles out...down your arm, onto your lap...all over your chair.  It\'s really annoying, especially since these bottles are NOT cheap.  You\'d think they could design them better than this!  And after awhile, just when you forget how much they leak...bam!  It happens again.  This is the second time I\'ve used these bottles (I kept them for my second child because they cost so much I didn\'t want to replace them) and the leaking has annoyed me so much that I was inspired to get online and post this review!  You\'d think after all this time I would have figured out how to keep them from leaking, but no, there\'s no rhyme or reason to it.  I would strongly recommend another brand.
very leaky...when you call they dont ake the situation any better. They say it\'s do to washing bottles with anti bacterial soap, etc. botto line these bottles stink and they are expensive. Don\'t bother!
I registered for these bottles because I got the manual breast pump from Avent.  The breastpump was phenominal but trying to feed my baby with these bottles, whether using breastmilk or formula, was impossible.  The nipples get clogged and my son got frustrated from sucking so much.  Also, they leaked every where, whether from saking them to mix the formula or just by feedin the baby, they always leaked.  I wish I could get my money back.  I went and bought Gerber bottles, which work perfectly!
Plain and simple - these bottles leak!  I wish I read the reviews before buying these Avent bottles.  My husband and I knew nothing about bottles so when our baby arrived 3 weeks early, we didn\'t get to research and quickly bought these. I bought several of them and when they leaked thought maybe there was just a bad one in the batch.  Every time one leaked, I removed it from the rotation.  Well, they all eventually leaked so I can\'t stand them; it\'s very aggravating.  I\'ve since bought the Dr. Brown bottles and have had no problems with them.  I even think my baby is less gassy and spits up less with the Dr. Brown bottles.  People complain about the extra parts to clean of the Dr. Brown bottles, but that\'s less of a pain than having the Avent bottles leak all over you and the baby and wasting formula.  I\'m going to write to Avent and see if I can get my money back.
Do NOT buy these bottles!!  Save yourself from a lot of stress & frustration!!  Our Avent bottles leaked all the time & our daughter had a lot of gas.  I called Avent customer service to find out how I could get my money back & they were extremely rude to me.  I very politely explained my problem with the bottles & the customer service representative immediately got a rude tone with me and said \There is nothing I can do for you - we do not give refunds.  The problem is not with our bottles - you just are not using them properly.\
I would give this system 0 stars if it would let me! I have the whole system, bottles, pump, warmer, pacifiers, you name it. My son hates the pacifiers, newborn size is not large enough to stay in his mouth and next size gags him. They are a bad design overall. The Nuk pacifiers are much better. They are softer and they conform to his face better. The nipples leak like crazy and the milk comes out of the newborn nipples WAY too fast. My son gags on that long hard nipple and then he gulps for air as the milk is being sprayed down his throat. It came out so fast that he would be drenched in milk within seconds of giving him the bottle. They also give him horrible air bubbles. He ends up spitting up a substantial portion of everything he takes in. We stopped using them and got the Playtex nurser with drop ins and he is much happier. The nipple on the playtex nurser is (contrary to Avent advertising) MUCH more like my nipple than the Avent nipple. It is soft and pliable and it sticks out only when he sucks on it-unlike the avent nipple that juts out permanently. Also, the bags on the disposable nurser leak. Their seams are very weak and would leak through both layers even when we double-bagged them. Avent has great advertising-that is about the only thing great about it.
My daughter was a month early and I am having problems breast feeding so I got these bottles with special \newborn\ nipples.  This was a big mistake, the flow is way too strong for a premie baby and was pouring out of the bottle all over her and they made her very gassy too.  They may be good for older babies (2-3 months) but not for a newborn.
I agree these bottle leak terribly, from the beginning. My husband figured out the simple engineering flaw, and its kindof appalling they don\'t fix them. I guess they think mothers like to be messy.
I have tried five different types of bottles and these are horrible. Don\'t waste your money.  Dr. Brown\'s is the way to go!
Sent me 3 bottles one of which didn\'t have a lid in the box.  Crappy quality control.  Just buy them at the store for more money, at least you\'ll get all the parts with it.  5 stars for avent, -5 stars for seller.
I have been using these bottles since my son was 3 wks old. We tried every bottle on the market and this is the one he liked.  It was so much like my breast it made switching between the 2 much easier.  But now he drinks formula all the time about 8oz at a time and it is crazy that at 4:00 in the morning I have to stop everything to change him and that makes him even more upset! I know how to screw the top on and I think it is crazy that you have to pay almost $5.00 a bottle and that you have to go through all these things to stop them from leaking!  He also has acid reflux and I thought this would be a great bottle to help with that.  Now I am learning from my mistakes! Were trying to get him to accept a new bottle and it is so hard because the avent bottles is all he wants now! I don\'t care what anyone says don\'t use these bottles unless you want more milk on you and your baby than in the bottle! It\'s crazy they should fix the problem and it\'s their problem to fix not the parents!! Come on now $5.00 a bottle! I have 12/ 4oz bottles 9/ 9oz bottles that is a lot of money down the drain!!!!!!!
After many incidences of soaking my daughter by feeding her with these leaking bottles, or shaking them and splattering breastmilk or formula all over the kitchen, I strongly recommend not buying this product.  Of all the things that are challenging and frustrating about caring for a new baby, bottle-feeding should not be one of them.
Every time I would try to feed my 3 month old daughter it would end up down the front of her shirt instead of down her mouth. WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY AND MILK!
I chose these bottles because they were thought to be the best and most expensive on the market and was very disappointed. I got the whole system and later realized that the bottles leak! I had many frustrating nights changing my son\'s clothing at 3:00 am because he was completely soaked from these bottles leaking out of the side.It is very hard to tell how much he was getting considering that half of the bottle was leaking down the side. Every member of my family has tried to prevent the leakage and it is impossible! After all the money invested in this product I am very disappointed and do not recommend these bottles to anyone.
We have uses these bottles for 2 months.  About 1 out of 3 bottles leak.  And we\'re not talking a drop or two.  We\'re talking about milk flowing out of the cap as if it\'s not even secured.  You can insert the nipple into the screw cap, hear the \click\, squeeze it tight, squeeze it loose, squeeze it any degree between, but they leak.  AVENT\'s website even has a section on how to prevent the bottles from leaking. You want to know why?  Because they leak.  AVENT bottles must be the poorest designed product we have used in the past year.  They leak, and they leak.  They leak at the worst times, they leak and the best.  If you want to ensure that your feeding experience with your child will be ruined 33 percent of the time, by all means -waste your money on this poor excuse for a product.  AVENT should be ashamed of themselves.
I have read a review (probably from the manufacturer) suggesting people are experiencing dripping because we don\'t follow directions. I have two kids, and believe that the problem is just that the bottles are poorly designed. I have had to change my kid\'s shirts at three in the morning because they get wet from the bottle. This is so frustrating that not only am I taking the time to tell anybody who is interested to not buy this product but I am also writing the manufacturer to complain and get my money back. Save your sanity, it really is that frustrating.
A nurse at the hospital recommended these bottles to us after I had my daughter.  They worked great for a few weeks, but then they started to leak.  When they leak, you can take off the lid and rub your finger around the inside of the rim to strengthen the seal.  It stops it from leaking, but it\'s a hassle.  Being a first time mom, I thought perhaps this was a problem with all bottles, but my sister uses playtex bottles and has never had a problem.
We used Avent bottles for several weeks, but our baby was spitting up _all the time_, seemed like she was choking during feedings, and had gas all the time.  We switched to the Playtex VentAire bottles when she was 6 weeks old, and problem solved! No more crying from gas, she hardly ever spits up anymore, and she has a much easier time at feedings.  The flow is slower and it really does cut down on the amount of air she takes in during feedings.  So, I highly recommend trying something other than the Avent bottles for small infants.  Maybe later, when our baby is a bit older we\'ll pull out the Avent bottles again, but for now, we aren\'t using anything except Playtex VentAire.
These bottles are the worst bottles because of the leaking!! They leak all over you and the baby no matter how the lid is put on, AND you shouldn\'t even have to worry about if you even put the lid on so precisly right. I mean it shouldn\'t be rocket science here makers of AVENT! SO my recommendation is NO don\'t waste your $$
I purchased these bottles after hearing how wonderful they were. I breastfed my daughter for her first year, so we didn\'t use them that often. When she was weaned, and started on formula we started having problems. Everytime my husband or I would screw on the ring, milk poured out everywhere! There was no right way to screw the damn rings on... it was just pure luck, and it took numerous times each feeding to get it on right. The milk would pour out from underneath the ring (not from the nipple). My first thought was that I just got a bad batch... but I had bought them at different times, then I thought that the dishwasher was somehow warping them. Well, if that\'s the case then forget about Avent!! I don\'t have the time to handwash all her bottles, and if I did find the time, I still wouldn\'t.I read through the reviews to see if it was just me... I found many reviews just like mine. Then I found myself laughing at the reviews that instruct you on how to create the perfect seal. I gotta tell you, I put up with these stupid bottles for far too long, and they are expensive, so I held off on buying new ones. It felt so good to throw these in the trash. There is no need to have to spend the time on the \perfect seal\, when there are other brands that work so much better! We finally threw them all out and bought another brand, Soothie, so far have been wonderful!Don\'t waste your money on this brand.*The sippy cups are just as bad. I\'ve forgotten about them several times, and they\'ve tipped on their side inside her diaper bag and they leak even with the lids on tight.
I as many mothers did my research ino which bottles are the best and I read about all the wounderful things that the avent bottles do for the baby. I started to notice that the bottles were leaking. I thought maybe it\'s that particular one so I threw it away, only to realize it wasn\'t the bottle, it was all of them. When I contacted avent, they  told me that if the bottles are over tightened or if the nipple isn\'t assembled with the cap when it was wet that the will leak. I don\'t know about you but a 2am I don\'t want to be changing my two week old because her bottle leaked all over her. Please keep this in mind when looking at bottles.
Based on a number of reviews in prominent magazines and literature, we decided to go with the Avent bottles. A pity I did not think of having a look on Amazon. These bottles leak bad. Tight or loose, wet or dry, old or new does not matter. Unfortunately we are stuck with the investment and are just being carefull when using. Replacing them with others are not an option. DO NOT BUY!
These bottles are not worth the money.  I have been using them for about five months and they have always leaked a little bit.  Now they leak constantly every time I go to feed the baby.  You would be better off with something else, the Plaxtex Vent Aire works great.
I\'m so frustrated with these bottles - they leak all the time no matter what I do with them.  I\'ve heard the same complaint from many other new Moms.  I would never recommend these and will never use them again.
I found these bottles to be very frustrating.  If the cap wasn\'t put on just right the bottle would leak horribly.&#60;br /&#62;Even if I did get the cap on without leakage, all my 5 month old had to do was bump the cap causing it to move a fraction of an inch and formula would be dribbling all over him.  Then I would have to stop feeding, take off the cap, put on the nipple cover and put back on the bottle in order to get it closed just right again.  The only reason I tried them was because I needed a wide mouth bottle with a medium flow nipple.  These are definately not worth the money. If I could, I would rate them a negative 10.  I find Playtex Disposable bottles to be the best......if only they had a medium flow nipple.
My baby tried these bottles and you could hear the air he was swallowing.  He woke up that night much earlier than usual and had horrible gas.  Dr. Brown\'s bottles are so much better and not much more $.  Also, the extra nipples you buy with Dr. Brown\'s bottles come with 3, and the Avent come with 2 (doesn\'t make much sense if you buy a 3 pack Avent bottles).
Everyone told me that these were \the\ bottles.  So, we bought newborn as well as the 9 and 11 oz sets.  Here were the problems with these bottles/nipples:1. Nipples are too long and too tough...the baby would almost gag on the nipple when feeding and would fall asleep quickly because she was having to work too hard.2.  The bottles had a vacuum effect - every few minutes I would have to unscrew the cap and screw it back on to stop the vacuum effect, which would stop the milk flow from the nipple.  Every time I had to re-screw on the cap, milk would start leaking.  I followed the directions exactly and did not over tighten the cap, but still the problem persisted.3. The nipple flow was too slow or too fast.  My newborn couldn\'t get anything from the newborn nipples and would fall asleep from exhaustion.  We then went with the next size up (faster) and that worked.  Once she outgrew that speed, and needed the level 2 and 3, they were too fast.  There was no inbetween.4. The nipple flow rates work differently on each sized bottle.  I don\'t know what causes this, but she was able to eat with the 2 flow nipple on the 4 ounce bottles, but when she needed more food, and we tried the 2 flow nipple on the 9 ounce bottle, the 2 nipple flowed too slowly.Overall, my experience with these bottles was exasperating.  I felt like I was a \sucker\ for falling for the latest fad.  I then went to the store and bought one of every bottle out there.  She went for the Playtex Nurser with the latex nipple (they are softer and more flexible) and has loved it ever since.  Haven\'t had any problems what-so-ever and finally feeding is a happy experience.One thing I can say is that the Avent bottles with the wide neck are perfect for mixing formula in.  We actually mix the formula in the Avents with a hand mixer and then pour the formula into the Playtex.  Also, we can use the Avent bottles with the sippy cup conversion pieces, so the money we spent on the bottles isn\'t a total loss.  We now have more sippy cups than we could ever possibly want or use!
Get Dr. Brown\'s bottles. They are worth every cent. They\'re the best out there!
I started my newborn out using the Avent bottles.  After a few weeks, she began crying alot.  You could hear the gas moving in her tummy, and every time her tummy would grumble, she would pull her legs up and shriek in pain.  She would also pass gas constantly.  It was so difficult to feed her because she would cough, spit and cry the whole time. Then she would be miserable with gas pains for hours afterwards.  I tried switching formulas - didn\'t work.  Tried mylicon, Zantac, gripe water, bicycling her legs, etc. etc. etc... nothing worked.  The pediatrician diagnosed her with colic and said there was nothing we could do, that she would outgrow it.  Finally, we decided to switch bottles (I switched to Playtex nursers.)  Instantly we noticed a difference!  She was extremely quiet during feedings, didn\'t squirm or cry!  She began ingesting almost TWICE as much formula per feeding(probably because her tummy was too full of gas to take in any more with the Avent bottles!) and would go longer between feeds. And when she swallowed, it sounded different - you could tell that she was no longer swallowing air!  Something about those Avent bottles made her swallow tons of air.  I think it was the suction that was created inside the bottle as she ate.  With the Playtex nursers, the liner inside the bottle contracts as she eats, eliminating any air bubbles.  She is a completely different baby now.  She is more alert and interacts with us much more because she spends less of her awake time crying.So if you decide to buy these bottles - BEWARE.  If you are already using them and your baby has colic, switch immediately!  Don\'t just assume that colic is \normal\ or will be \outgrown.\  Babies don\'t deserve to suffer this way!!!!
(This is a long review, but if you read the whole thing it may save you some money and frustration. If you just want to read the bit about the Bottles, jump down to the 6th Paragraph and read from there)I used Avent products with my first child (5 years ago!) and was absolutely thrilled. Back then, I was a solo-mother on welfare, so the cost was a real struggle for me, but I was so thrilled with the product that I found the money to buy the things I needed for my child.Five years on, and oh how things have changed. This time around I am married and have the funds to be able to buy whichever brand I want, without money being a consideration. So, I eagerly stocked up on all things Avent. I bought the 4 oz bottles, 9 oz bottles, disposable bottle kit, Isis Electric Breast Pump, pacifiers, Bottle & Food Warmer, Bottle Tote, Formula Dispeser, Microwave Steam Steriliser ... the whole shebang!The first thing to go wrong was the Isis Breast Pump ($US150 from Babies\'R\'Us). It would work fine for anywhere between 2 and 10 minutes, and then the suction would slack off and the rhythm would go out of whack, stopping the flow of milk from my breast. I would then have to turn off the machine and pump manually instead, or be left only partially expressed. I was reliant on the pump to take off my milk, as my baby would not latch, and I really wanted to keep giving her breast milk. When the machine broke down I contacted Avent and asked for a refund, as I was going to have to replace the machine. Avent told me that it was a non-refundable item, but if I waited a week they would send out a label for me to ship the pump back to them and then IF THEY FOUND A FAULT they would then repair it and return it to me. They said it would take 2-4 weeks. And what was I to do without a breast pump for a month, I asked??! The lady on the phone suggested that I purchase their manual pump to use in the meantime, and boasted that it would only cost me about $US50. Needless-to-say, I lost a lot of money on this, and was absolutely furious!! I threw the worthless pump in the trash and ended up 100% formula-feeding my baby.Then there were issues with some of the nipples tearing, and they were less than a month old. I figured this was just my misfortune, so rather than make a fuss about it, I simply replaced the nipples at my own expense.Next came the distorted bottles. I noticed one day that the plastic of one of the 4 oz bottles was warped. I thought it a little odd, but again thought that I had probably just caught a wonky batch and didn\'t think too much about it. Then another bottle warped, and another, and another, and another ... fairly soon I had 5 warped bottles (some 4 oz, some 9 oz). Enough was enough! I called Avent again and complained, only to have the woman on the phone tell me that I mustn\'t have read the instrustions on the MICROWAVE STEAM STERILISER properly. The woman asked me to confirm the wattage of my microwave, the amount of time I was putting the bottles in for, and how much water I was using (900W, 5 minutes, 200 mls). After telling her, she confirmed that yes, that was all correct, but she still said that I must have been doing something wrong during the sterilising process.The lady sent me out a label to send the bottles back to them for \'testing\'. She said that once the bottles had been tested then they would get back to me. Well, while waiting for the label to arrive, I ensured that I absolutely was following the instructions correctly when I used the Steriliser, but I still managed to have two more bottles warp on me, giving me a total of 7 warped bottles to return!!I finally got the label and sent the bottles back. About a week later Avent called and said that the tests showed I had \overloaded\ the Steriliser, and that had caused the bottles to warp. She said that \as a one-off courtesy\ they would replace the five 9oz bottles. I pointed out to her that I had stacked the Steriliser as told to do so in the illustrations of the instruction booklet, and when I asked about the two 4 oz bottles I had also returned, she denied that they had received them (even though I put them all in the package myself!!) and refused to discuss the matter any further. So, I have lost 2 bottles, and have a steriliser that apparently likes to melt bottles regardless of how cautious I am about follwing the directions.The other things I have had issues with are the pacifiers and the Bottle Tote. The pacifiers had a hard edge on the silicone, which was very uncomfortable for my newborn. I ended up replacing these with a different brand, as Avent wanted me to return the pacifiers to them at my own expense before they would consider replacing them. The Bottle Tote packaging states that it will keep bottles warm or cold for \up to 4 hours\. This is more like \up to 2 hours\, but even that is dubious. In order to get the bottles hot enough to stay warm for 4 hours, it would have to be boiling water, but if you put boiling water into the bottles, the pressure becomes too much for them to handle, so that\'s not an option. I have ended up throwing out the Bottle Tote (which cost me $15) and purchasing a mid-size Thermos. (I put the water of about the right temperature into the Thermos and take empty bottles with me. I even use the Thermos at home, so that I do not have to wait for the Avent Bottle Warmer to hurry up and do it\'s thing at 3am!)I also have the Via Nurser Kit and addtional containers, but have found that the lids sometimes do not seal properly, and therefore leak. Very annoying, especially when you had pre-mixed formula in the container, your baby is hungry, and you\'re an hour drive from home!I am absolutely disappointed with Avent. Almost every product of theirs that I have purchased this time around has been defective in one way or another, and their cutomer service level has been absolutely pathetic. They have obviously never heard \the customer is always right\ because the have continually placed the blame solely on me for the issues that I have had.Avent used to be a great company with a great product, and now it seems that they are simply relying on their good reputation of the past to carry them through the future. It\'s not good enough. Their products are NOT worth the money anymore, and I strongly recommend that no one buy any of their products. There are tons of very good (better!) products available on the market, and I will be replacing all of my Avent equipment with another brand as soon as I can. (I noticed while at Target the other day that Circo are now making \'wide neck bottles\' that look exactly like the Avent ones, but at almost half the price ... I think I\'ll give them a go! Maybe you should too?)
I purchased the Avent system before the birth of my daughter. These bottles are horrible! Not only did they leak EVERYWHERE, but my daughter spent the first month of life eating every 1-2 hours from these bottles. She would suck and suck, only managing to get an ounce of so from the bottle during an HOUR of feeding! She would tire before her hunger was satisfied. Not only was she exhausted from these results of these bottles, but so was I! I orignally bought them because they seemed as though they were a good quality (hard plastic, etc). WRONG - Never judge a bottle by the appearance. Since this purchase, I\'ve trashed ALL of the AVENT bottles and gone with cheaper (but more efficient) brands, Evenflo and Gerber.
Baby is breast-fed and I registered for these so I could pump and my husband could feed her at night.  Our baby hated the bottle and wouldn\'t take the nipple.  The nipples, on the Avent, are too long and hard and would make her gag when she attempted to latch on.  We switched to the Platex NaturalLatch and now she takes a bottle.  The nipples on the Platex are much softer and shorter.  Baby switches between the bottle and breast now, no problem.
For being AVENT - these are horrible bottles for the dollar amount.  I agree with the other viewers about the leaking and too big of nipples.  My daughter is six months and can not go to stage 2 nipples because it comes out to heavy.  They are very bulky and hard for my daughter. My daughter took to the Gerber bottles &amp; pacifiers alot better.  They are cheaper, smaller nipples and easier to load up in a bottle bag.  I would not recommend AVENT bottles to anyone.  Worst invenstment possible.
These are the worst bottles I have ever bought! All they do is drip and leak. I have tried over and over again and no matter how I put the lids and nipples on they leak. Since I am pumping the last thing I want to do is waste my milk. If I had to do it all over again I would not waste my money on these bottles.
These bottles leak horribly. Yes, I know how to work a bottle. They leak all over the baby. I would recomend Dr. Brown\'s wide neck bottles. So much less air gets in the bottle and the nipples are ideal for switching from breast to bottle. These bottles are supposed to reduce air bubbles? Yeah, right. Do not waste your money.
I had thought I loved these bottles...but I have never been so dissapointed and frustrated ...2am ,my daughter is completely soaked!!! now she is starving,freezing,being changed and hungry in the middle of the night!!!they leak so much and formula is expensive!!! I want my money back!!!
I normally do not review things, but I decided to this time as a public service and to hopefully give people a heads up to save some money.  I actually use a diaper pail for my small dog.  He uses puppy pads in our apartment (highrise) and then I throw the dirty ones into the diaper pail until I clean it out and take the mess to the trash chute.  I have used the Diaper Genie II for about 3 years and it did an ok job.  It was pretty darn good at hiding any smells during the entire time.  We recently moved apartments and I decided to try out a new diaper pail and bought this one the Diaper Dekor.Well within just 2 days of use the area it is in started to smell like a mens public restroom.  My dog is on very high quality food and his messes are not very smelly at all (especially compared to a baby who is starting on solid foods) and I could still smell it all the way across the room.  In my opinion the Dekor did not even hold the smell in as well as a regular trash can with a lid!Save your money.  This pail was awful.  I have had to put it outside on the balcony until my new diaper genie is delivered.  You should save your 40 bucks and just buy a 10 dollar trash can if you want this poor of odor control.  I can say the Diaper Genie 2 is FAR superior to odor control!!!!
I am soo disappointed in this product! Especially for the cost of the unit and the refills. I\'ve had the Diaper Dekor Plus for 3 months now and I hate it! It smells like deodorizer PLUS diaper! It\'s so gross. The only thing it has going for it is it\'s sleek look (fooled me). Don\'t waste your money.
We bought this thinking that (mistakenly) it would be useful as a wastebasket later.  Not only did a clip break (can\'t use the footpedal anymore) but today we went and bought a diaper genie.  The smells from this are horrible.  I spray with lysol, wipe with antibacterial wipes, used baking soda; and switched to charcoal.  Nothing seems to keep the odors in.  I would advise EVERYONE to search for another product.  Not recommended, it\'s overpriced and doesn\'t work.
I\'ve been using the Diaper Dekor Plus for over a year and a half. The old bags used to work perfectly, and the product deserved 5 stars then. But with the new bio-degradable bags the nursery stinks.... I\'m on the market for a new product, the Diaper Dekor is going to the trash.
The lid falls in.  It smells so bad.  Ordering a different brand today.  Going to toss this because donating it would be a crime.
When I found out I was having twins I purchased the Diaper Dekor thinking that it could hold more diapers between changes and that it would save time.  (So sorry I gave away my Diaper Genie)  Well I was wrong.  It does not hold significantly more diapers than the Diaper Genie and more importantly it does nothing to contain the odor from the diapers.  We have to put it outside if we want to contain any of the poopie diaper smell.  All in all it is a waste on money and the refills are quite expensie.  Save your $$ and buy the diaper genie!
Iam a registered nurse and teach parenting and baby care classes at a local hospital.  Most importantly, Iam a Mom of three.  I now have two in diapers (one newborn, one barely 2) so I was determined to find a diaper system that did not stink (both literally and figuratively!) I was quite unhappy with the Diaper Genie that I had been using so I decided to try Diaper Dekor.  I was hesitant because of the price and the price of the refills but I decided to give it a try.  The product description indicated that the refills lasted quite a while so I thought it would be worth the investment.Not only did the refills not last long (even with tiny newborn-sized diapers) but they also did not contain the smell.  The basic construction of the unit is flimsy at best.  I expected the product to be sturdy perhaps because of the elevated price.  It was not.I write all of this to say that I hope other Moms out there do not waste their money on this product.  Because I teach classes I am always on the lookout for good products that I can pass along to the parents.  The Diaper Dekor Plus will not be one such product.  I hope this is helpful to you.
We had a Diaper Champ for the first year of my sons life.  It worked great!  Until he started eating solid foods.  We finally went out for a replacement and had the Dekor for about 3 days before we took it back.  My sons room STANK even after the first diaper!  We rechecked to make sure we had it set up right and then gave it a few days to see if the smell would clear.  It got worse!  Newborn poop isn\'t nearly as stinky as poop from older babies on solid foods.  If you want a diaper pail that will take you all the way to potty training - this isn\'t it.  &quot;Pretty&quot; won\'t keep odors in and there certainly isn\'t anything else about this diaper pail that will!  We finally found the Neat Diaper Disposal System By Safety 1st and we don\'t have any odors at all.
We were given this as a gift.  We didn\'t really want one having tried both the Diaper Genie and the Diaper Champ with our last child.  This thing looks ok and should for the price, but like both of the other diaper pail systems it still SMELLS!  It is also small and has to be changed almost daily even with newborn diapers and the refills are not cheap.  Expect to go through a refill roll every other week.  In my opinion putting the diapers in the garbage and taking that out frequently is far more effective then this expensive piece of plastic.
I really liked this product when my baby was an infant.  We changed a lot of not-too-stinky diapers, and the foot pedal disposal system was convenient and controlled odors (which are not bad with an infant, anyway).  However, once my infant turned into a solids-eating older baby, the poop got a lot stinkier, and the diaper decor simply couldn\'t keep up.  Not only do the diapers smell, but the diaper stink seems to live in the decor, even after thorough cleanings (with bleach).  I continue to use this device only because I have a stock of refill bags and don\'t want to waste the money already spent.  Like a fellow reviewer, I\'m going to chuck this thing and replace it with a garbage can outside, and/or just do my best to flush the poop into the toilet before putting diapers into the decor.
After it was time for the diaper genie to be replaced due to odors, I was looking for something else that might work better.  So I bought the Diaper Dekor with hope that it would at least block out some odors.  It was horrible.  After the first day, my 15 month old daughter\'s room smelled of dirty diapers- after just one dirty one put into it ever.  So now  we have it in the garage and it stinks everytime we walk past it.  At least the diaper genie didn\'t smell until you opened it, but this was horrible.  I really do not recommend wasting your money on this Diaper Dekor at all- it is useless!!!!!!
I am extremely disappointed with this product....what a complete waste of money!  I originally had a diaper genie, however my son broke the top off of it and I decided to try the diaper dekor because it seemed a little easier to use.  The design is a nice idea, but boy does this thing STINK!!! We change this every couple of days before it\'s even full and it still stinks.  I\'ve tried deodorizers, baking soda, lysol, etc and it still takes your breath away!!  We never experienced any odor problems with the diaper genie....I\'m kicking myself for wasting the money on this thing. I actually went out and bought another diaper genie because we couldn\'t take the stench of the diaper dekor anymore.  Do yourself a favor and don\'t waste the money!!!!
I found the diaper dekor to be easy to use but it did not contain odor the way it claims.  I had to remove the diapers every day and spray the entire thing with lysol just to decrease the odor.  The refills do last a long time but to keep the odor down you do have remove the diapers often.  I eventually threw it away and got a diaper champ which I love.
I am the type of person who really does her research and after researching diaper disposal systems, this is the one that won out!  It is stylish and nice looking and all that, and we never smelled anything out of it until now.....we have used it since he came home from the hospital and I was really impressed with the way we never smelled anything, except when we were disposing of a diaper.  It is the strangest thing that now that he is 8 months old, it is the stinkiest thing, I feel bad for him leaving it in the room with him while he sleeps.  I spray it down with disinfectant spray and wipe it with disinfectant wipes all the time and it still smells.It is very expensive as are the refills, I shall continue researching disposal systems for our next baby.I just hope this helps someone else who is doing research.  I don\'t think there is a diaper disposal system that doesn\'t smell.
Read the reviews and thought why not.  Cost $40.00 and they couldn\'t even give directions.  (Not that it is difficult to figure out- just add diapers and wait for the smell).  The plastic insert absorbs odors and retains odors.  So even when it is empty, the Dekor still smells.  This could be because the odors seep out the big cracks on either side of the door. I tried to empty it every day, still smelled.  I even went as far as to put the stinky diapers in smaller scented bags, spray Lysol on the bags, and THEN put the diaper in the Dekor...still smelly.  The whole thing is prety flimsy, and my son managed to stand up at it, and pinch his fingers in the top.  When I went to kiss his little boo-boo- guess what smelled!  Not worth the price, I paid less for the Diaper Genie- and got less of an odor.
I\'ve owned my Diaper Dekor Plus for just under 2 years.  At first, I thought it worked fine.  It was easy to deal with, and easy to empty.  The first liner that it came with lasted me 6 months (1 baby - using newborn diapers through size 2\'s).However, the unit failed to control odors after about 9 months.  Since then I\'ve had to hide it in various places of my home to keep the odor to a minimum.  Definitely not convenient.The unit has one particularly fundamental flaw regarding odor control.  Unlike the Diaper Champ which allows you to deposit a diaper without opening the container and letting odors escape, Diaper Dekor has no such provision.  It has two \trap doors\ that allow you to drop the diaper in easily, and then they are supposed to spring back into place.  Still, no matter how quickly you drop that diaper in, and let the top lid fall closed, strong odors inevitably escape.  Also, these \trap doors\ are quite flimsy.  The hinge on one of them recently broke so that the door no longer springs back into its closed position, thereby contributing to the odor problem.  I inquired about a replacement from Regal Lager and they said I could purchase one for $10.  Instead I decided to purchase a new Diaper Champ, since I\'ve pretty much had it with this thing.Speaking of flimsy, there are two other flaws I\'ve experienced.  Firstly, the plastic foot pedal has cracked and seems loose.  It still works, but I have to wonder for how much longer.Also, the door on the bottom of the unit that enables you to cut off the bag and remove it does not close very tightly, once again contributing to a lack of odor control.  The door is only held shut by a small plastic latch, leaving a significant gap for odors to escape.Overall, I have not been impressed with Diaper Dekor Plus.  However, contrary to what some people say regarding the liner refills, that actually was never one of my bigger complaints.  I did not find them cost-prohibitive at all, because you get 3 liners for $20 and I found that 3 liners will last me about 6 months of holding toddler-size diapers.  In the 1 year 9 months that I\'ve owned this system, I\'ve only had to purchase refills twice.  The only thing I didn\'t like about it was that I did find it inconvenient to have to purchase liners online (couldn\'t find any local store that carried them) and wait for them to be shipped to me, especially when there is no indication of when you will reach the end of your last liner.Diaper Dekor is the only system I have used extensively, and I would not buy it again nor recommend it to anyone.  I\'m hoping my Diaper Champ will serve me better.
This diaper pail was great when my daughter was a newborn and her diapers didn\'t have much odor. Now that she is older I have realized the (1) it doesn\'t hold that many diapers and (2) it DOES NOT CONTAIN THE SMELL AT ALL!!!!!! Look elsewhere for a diaper pail
Once babies can pull up to standing, they can lift the lid and reach inside. Yuck! I added an extra latch but that made using the diaper pail more difficult. Also, it is awkward to use the foot pedal because you have to bend over. The flap doors also started to stick. As my baby\'s diet advanced, it didn\'t control odors at all. I switched to the Safety 1st and love it.
I have also read great reviews about the diaper dekor while I was pregnant and decided to get it, but it is terrible, whenever I put a diaper in there and the lid opens up the smell of poop comes out and into the room, we coulnt take it anymore the fact that the nursery smelled like poop most of the time even though I changed the bag way before it was time to. Now I take the poopy diaper, put it in a plastic bag and throw it in the kitcken garbage which we take out almost twice a day.  I would not recommend this product
I\'ll say one good thing about this product: it\'s easy to use. For a while it seemed to control odor fairly well, but as my daughter got older and her waste got smellier, the Diaper Dekor showed its weakness. Her whole room smells like an outhouse. I\'ve had enough, and am moving on to another product.
Horrible!  Smells escape as soon as the lid is opened, even when nearly empty.  We\'ve scrubbed and aired out the pail, but to no avail.  Had to buy powder-scented tabs to throw in the plastic bag ... still did nothing.  Definitely DO NOT recommend, this is a waste of space in the nursery!
Ofcouse this products warms up the wipes but pop ups lid doesn\'t close after 3/4 weeks. I exchanged one after the lid go bad, second one same problem. I\'m using a duck tape to keep it close. If the lid doesn\'t stay close wipes will dry out.
The warmer comes with the Ever Fresh Pad ($7.99 for 2)..&quot;necessary to prevent browning and to keep the unit sanitary&quot; but the bottom layers of wipes go brown anyway so at the end I had to throw away many wipes. Off course I try keeping a lot of water in the bottom but then when I got to the bottom wipes they were drenched, and I had to squeeze each wipe in order to use them.One more thing, each time you open the lid to check the pad, or because the &quot;pop up&quot; feature doesn\'t work (it just works with Pampers Wipes), water will spill out and you\'ll think the pad is still wet when it\'s really not.  If you buy it, be sure to check the botton at least twice a week, if not I\'m sure the pad will be dry and the wipes brown.
My son is 4 months old and this is the second Lionheart wipes warmer that has broken. The latch mechanism that keeps the door shut breaks. I\'m not buying anymore Lionheart products.
Purchased  this but it was not worth the money.  Returned it and did without a warmer.  By the time you remove the warm wipe it\'s cold again when it hits your baby\'s bottom.  Good idea but it cannot be too hot it would burn them so it\'s sort of a waste.
Somehow my parents manged to raise me into a healthy adult without one of these products - their parents raised them through a war and rationing - and so  believe it or not my wife and I have raised our children without even realising that such a product could exist - just think - save energy - save resources - give your money to charity or spend it on a book rather than on this nonsense...
I thought this would be a nice item to keep next to the changing table...however:1.  I was told as I was returning this item that the \foam piece on the bottom turned brown because I was not using the correct wipes\...correct wipes?!  These were CHAR marks on this from TOO MUCH HEAT...PLEASE, DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM!  *This always has to remain plugged in and I did not want this object in my home!2. The warmth of the wipes last about 5 seconds, if that, cold before you even get to use it properly.
I really do love this product.  However, after a while of wondering \where the heck is this water coming from\ I realized what was happening (and that was the last day I used it).What happens is that moisture builds up on the inside of the lid.  When you open the lid (the whole thing, not the little pop top) all of that collected moisture streams down the back of the lid and slips out the back and onto the electrical connection.  Everyone knows that water and electricity just doesn\'t mix!You would think they would have put some sort of rubber gasket or something around the edges to stop that from happening.But please, for safety\'s sake...DON\'T USE THIS PRODUCT.
go to target or walmart and buy one instead for about the same price so you can return it if a problem.  I bought this as a gift, the new mother found it broken and I can\'t return it as it has been over 30 days.  Live and learn!
This thing make me sooo mad!!!!!!!!!!!!! It does not latch closed ever!!! Do not buy!! Your wipes will just dry out!! Waste of $$!!!!!
Never get a wipes warmer. They dry out... Just ball it up in your hand for 3 seconds.  Most babies don\'t care if they\'re cold anyway.
I am surprised to read so many good reviews... I got this item at my baby shower and I was very happy to get one (I live in Maine and my baby was born this winter). What a disappointment! I am so glad I did not pay a penny for this. It makes NO difference to take a wipe from this warmer and the wipes at room temperature. Most surprisingly, the warmer ruined the finish of my changing table. So it can not warm wipes but it can get hot enough to ruin my furniture?!Another word of caution: my pediatrician told me that bacteria and fungi thrive in wipe warmers because it is a moist and warm environment.  He mentioned he had seen too many cases of severe diaper rash caused by improper use of wipes warmers. So if yours works, great... just be extra careful!
Not only is this item expensive, it does not warm wipes effectively either. I owned this product and then switched to the \Munchkin\ wipes warmer. The reason it is expensive is because you cannot use it on it\'s own; you have to buy Lionheart replacement pillows which are unnecessary. You can pay as much as $12.00 for a pair, which have to be replaced every 3 months. However, the reason why the Lionheart warmer cannot warm properly is because it does not have a seal. Therefore, it does not lock any of the heat and moisture created. On the other hand for example, the Munchkin warmer which I own now, has two locks on each side which seals warm air/moisture. Also, it just requires 1/2 cup of water with each set of wipe addition.Even if the Lionheart warmer was locked, it would still be an OK product since you would still have to purchase the replacement pillows...
I was given this at a shower from my best friend who swore by it.  I live in a colder state and thought it would be great to have, but only used it for a few weeks and gave up.  Like other reviewers have said, if you don\'t keep up with the moisture replenishing, the wipes turn brown very quickly.  Also, purchasing a new insert every month or so seemed a bit inconvenient.  Being a plug-in accessory was a big inconvenience as well since my son\'s bedroom only has 2 outlets and they are both on the same wall.  Not only that, but the plug is only about 2 feet long and could only sit on his changing table in one place.  The wipes do not always pop up, or when they do they come up with more than one at a time and the lid always drips water when it is opened.  This is currently stored away never to see daylight again.
the cover stops working. i had to tape it and pull wipes directly out of the warmer. it did not take long either before it went bad. onl after one month\'s use
I thought this would be a godsend but I was very disappointed.  The wipe stays warm for about one second so by the time it reaches my baby\'s bottom, it\'s cold again.  This was a total waste of money.
I bought this wipes warmer and in a weeks time it\'s doesn\'t remain closed. I have to put something heavy on top of it to keep it closed. Poorly made.
It worked ok. You can\'t use the pop up slot for the wipes, they get stuck. And I am going to look for a bigger one next time. Our biggest gripe is that it kept shorting out after six months, and now it is kaput!Nothing but cold wipes.I recomend getting one that you can see through. I have been right in the middle of changing a poopy diaper only to realize there are no more wipes left in the box!
This was one of the first things I purchased because I had read everyone\'s reviews and everyone seemed to love it and called it a \lifesaver\.  WOW, what a waste of money!  If purchasing this item make sure you can place it somewhere where there is an outlet, be able to place it on some sort of protector to protect your changing table from water damage, and also be prepared to also buy the travel wipes warmer because your little one will get use to their bottom only being wiped with warm wipes which is not always so convenient if your out and about or traveling.  I didn\'t know why my Mother laughed at me when I told her I purchased this and now I know why.  Save your money and purchase something your baby really needs.
I used this for a few weeks but it doesn\'t work properly with anything other than Pamper\'s wipes.  The lid opens with the wipe and you wind up having to use two hands - not safe or efficient with a baby on the changing table (A Pain!!).  I took it back and got the Wipe Warmer with changing light by DEX and am very happy with it.  It has locks on the lid so you can use it with any type of wipe, a night light, a window to see how many wipes remain inside AND there\'s NO NEED TO BUY SPECIAL FOAM INSERTS EVERY FEW WEEKS.  You just add water directly (see instructions.)  I wish I bought this the first time!
I received this item off of my registery. After only using it for a week and following the manufacturers directions, I went to rewet the pad. Imagine my surprise to find that the bottom of the pad had been scorched by the heat from this product. I quickly took this product back to Babiesrus and they refunded our money, and asked that I contact the manufacturer and inform them of the problem I had with this item.
Was disappointed in the swing performance. My daughter borrowed an older FP model that my grandson loves. The starlight model barely swings and inexplicably changs speeds. The timing on the lights does not work well either. I would return this if I had saved the box.
The plastic seating shell is too deep for this and I found my baby on the floor sadly this am. Luckily she didn\'t cry for long and the chair is close to the ground (vs the Snugabunny). I didn\'t buckle her in because she was swaddled. I do not recommend this. I do have the snugabunny but the motor broke. The plastic seating shell is similar but not exactly the same... I would rather go for the snugabunny if given the choice. In my case, I took the snugabunny seating and stem attachment and attached it on the Papasan Cradle Swing. I got the best of both worlds I guess. FP Swings suck in the way that the motor breaks and they are SO EXPENSIVE!
This is super cute, but it\'s just not safe. Only put baby in it once.The Harness is only 3 point:The harness to hold the baby in is pretty much useless. We have a graco swing that has shulder straps that is much safer. The straps on this swing are only around the waist of the baby and allows for too much wiggle room.Too Loud:When the swing operates it is very noisy.Unstable:The design of the swing lets the seat hang suspended in mid-air. Other swings have two bars holding the swing seat up and it just seems safer. The seat on this swing wobbles back and forth and makes me too nervous to put baby in. Make sure you have the legs of the swing spread apart as far as they will go.SLOW, Doesn\'t change speed:The speed is slow. I don\'t really notice any change in the speed regardless of what level I put it on.VERY CUTE:I got this because it was so cute, but all in all I\'m not going to keep it beacause of the safety risks. I\'m just going to stick with the graco we already had. This swing is adorable and I love the canopy and mobile, baby loves it too and tries to reach for it and I\'m afraid she\'s going to fall out because of not having shoulder straps. The projection is neat. But I can\'t use it because I just don\'t think it\'s safe.
we bought this swing thinking that it would be a great for our daughter as a matter of fact it was great for about a week until my daughter weighed around 8 pounds and it was too much for the swing and it just Creeked and squeaked! All I can say is very dissapointed in fisher price I guess they are just not as good as their name used to stand for
Beautiful to look at.  Brand new out of box.  Swung for five minutes, maybe.  Motor stopped and so did swing.  Restart and motor will make sounds for several seconds and then stop.  Baby weighs 8 lbs so overweight child is not the issue.  Also, noticed the light display works and then does not work.  Terrible.  One redeeming quality is that it is a beautiful swing to take pictures of your baby in before you return it.  Good luck if you buy this one because with the quality control of this product,  it is like a game of Russian Roulette.  I bought this at Wal-Mart.com, so this will not show as a purchase from Amazon. Same product, though, with the same manufacturer.....Update:  Bought alternative, Graco Glider LX Gliding Swing, here on Amazon and had it delivered September 18.  This Graco swing has been great so far, with no motor problems.  The baby falls to sleep quickly and sleeps for longer periods of time.  Worth the money.
For the price of this cradle/swing, I\'d hoped for a lot more quality and reliability than I got.  First, the stand seemed a little wobbly--you really need to make sure that the feet are as wide as possible when setting it up as they don\'t lock into an optimal position.  Even worse, however, is that after less than two days of use, the lights, sound, and mobile stopped working.  Calls to \customer service\ were a complete waste of time and I ended up returning the item.  While the netting and other features appeared attractive and desirable, I\'d have to recommend purchasing a less expensive Papasan cradle/swing.
After using it a month, the mobile on top made an aweful clicking noise scaring my daughter, then after 6 months the motor stopped working and I cant use it at all. I e-mailed the company hopefully they will be able to either replace it or refund me my money. SO UPSET.
We used this swing the first few months, but not that often and after a while while the motor became so loud that we just stopped using it all together. Very cute, but the motor is of poor quality for the price... things would turn off on their own and have to be restarted - I would just go with another one.
I am fine with noise, but this swing is just annoying. The \click\ or \gear changing\ sound while the swing is in motion is terrible. I curse the very day I bought this swing. I put the swing together and thru away the box and a few months later had the baby so I cant return it now. I would feel horrible to sell it or give it to someone so I guess I\'m trashing it. The bar over the legs is restricting also and I was scared to click it shut for fear of pinching his legs. My baby was a 13 lb newborn in this swing, and I don\'t think his legs would have fit in it another 2 months anyway. Everything else about the swing was awesome!
I love that swing can move to swing back and forth or side to side.  Having the option of using either the wall outlet or batteries were great. We bought this for our daughter in 2011 and she used it for a few months. We put it away and just took it out for our 2nd child. We plugged it in and it worked for a week or so. Then it stopped.  After some research, I found out this is a common problem with the swing. The motor and power plug needs to be replaced. Seems to happen after taking it out of storage, but not necessarily. Batteries worked, but I am constantly changing the batteries.
We bought the Starlight Papasan Cradle Swing after the motor in our  Nature\'s Touch Papasan Swing  stopped working. We loved out Nature\'s Touch, so I didn\'t even look at the reviews for this one. I was so disappointed after putting it together. When it is on it\'s highest setting, it only swings as fast as the slowest setting on our Nature\'s Touch, which is not enough to keep our 3 month old happy or asleep!I called the company and they said that there must be a problem with the motor, so they sent out a new motor housing (for free) which I got within 2 weeks. It swings the same amount, so barring a really strange coincidence (two duds with the same problem) it\'s just the way it is.I\'m going to try to sell this one and get a new motor housing for our nature\'s touch, which will be $35.
Well, I am so glad that the thousands of your reviewers got the little swing, like it or not, they got it!!! I, however, ordered this  product on 10/31/08; verified \Thanks for your order\ email that day. Received another verified \Your gift has left the arena\ email, dated 11/08. Arrived @ granddaughter\'s home late November and was surprised to find that she did not get delivery of the swing. To no avail, my attempts to find out where the swing is through Amazon.comllc and Fed Ex, which I paid $18.00 for delivery, met with some very and ongoing stress, as the # given to me for the order could not be accepted via their customer service site. ANDS I never received a tracking number, so Fed Ex was useless via their automated service. So, tomorrow I attend my only granddaughter\'s baby shower without a gift for my first Great Grandson. AND I have Amazon.com to thank for this!!!
I hate this product.  I purchased this swing gleefully!  I was sold on all of the bells and whistles! I rushed home and my BIL spent an hour putting it together.  This toy totally struck out!Strike one:  My BIL placed his tiny underweight 5 month old baby in swing for test ride. While swinging baby lifted her arm to tug at the mobile and the swing nearly fell forward.  Never mind the fact that she could reach the  mobile!Strike two:  The MOTOR IS LOUD!  VERY LOUD!  My washing machine on the spin cycle is like a fluttering butterfly compared to this BEAST!Strike three: THE Music is very annoying!I returned this blasted thing after one day of use!  I exchanged it for the Graco Papasan Swing.  I couldn\'t be happier!
I have had this swing a little less than 2 months. I bought it for my 5 month old because she wouldn\'t sit in a traditional swing and I thought this looked like a comfy place to nap. It was a lifesaver til a week ago and and the motor burned up. I called Fisher Price and the part is on backorder til mid- May. I guess I just got a lemon because everyone else\'s seem to be fine. I am TRULY disappointed in Fisher Price. They usually exceed my expectaions. I paid $150 for this and it lasted til the water got hot and thats about it.
It is an adorable swing but that is the only good thing about it. My 11 week old CONSTANTLY slumps forward in it. CONSTANTLY. She has great head control, it\'s just the design of the swing, I swear. When she falls asleep, she slumps forward. Sometimes it will just be her head that is slumped forward and sometimes she is folded in half at the waist. It totally defeats the purpose of why I bought a swing! I can\'t leave her alone in it for more than 5 minutes because it freaks me out to find her slumped over in it. I can\'t go into the next room to get on my computer to do some much needed work or go into the kitchen to do dishes because I constantly have to go lift her head back up. She\'s fine while she is awake, but every time she falls asleep, it\'s the same thing. I can\'t relax while she is sleeping in it. She sleeps great in it except for me having to practically wake her up to move her into a better position. What a waste of money. My son did well in his swing and I could even trust it enough to catch a much needed nap while he slept in it. With this one, I can\'t even walk away for 5 minutes without that sense of urgency making my heart beat fast and feeling rushed to get back and check on her. I try to position her butt in it different ways to try and create a position that will make it hard for her to slump over,. but nope! This is the swing that I have: [...]I don\'t have the box anymore but I want to trade it in for something else! My 11 week old is 14lbs and 23.5 inches. Like I said, she has great control over her head, but it\'s just when she falls asleep....SLUMP....SLUMP...SLUMP! It makes me nervous...to the point where I don\'t even want to use it except for the fact that I could really get some stuff done if it worked properly! AHH!
Very cute and love the light show option. Returned this item almost immediately however due to the excessively loud clicking and motor sounds when swing is operating. I couldn\'t sleep through that and wouldn\'t expect my child to. It even drowned out the music!
Problem is with its motor. No matter on what speed i select out of 5 options...it swings/cradle at the same fast speed. Speed control is not working..it work as only on/off switch.Because of its FAST speed, my baby afraid to use the swing. Its completely useless for me...as it doesn\'t have noticeable speed differences.Don\'t go for it...
I bought this for my son and daughter in law for their first baby... We returned it. My granddaughter was born only 6 lbs, but she was not lying in it well. She was kind of shlumped in. And the swing went REALLY REALLY fast. I would never put a newborn in something that went so quickly.  The supplier was amazing- it was an easy and quick process. Disappointed we had to return -
I do not like this product at all.  It\'s not very safe and the tray is a real inconvenience.  My 2 month old son fell out of it when I was about to fasten the tray in.  I was lucky he was not hurt because I was there to catch him.  I do not recommend this product.
it makes noise after very little use, cracking and does not swing very fast ... for the money it is a waste, I had the previous models and they were cheeper and better...
There really should be a large warning on the box.  Sheesh, in 2011 with so many anaphylactic latex allergies and Latex being an allergy that is caused by repeated exposure why in the world would someone think an all latex teether was a good idea for a baby??  This baby teether could have quite easily killed mommy and there was no warning on the packaging that is made of latex.
I can\'t see how this product can be safe for children. Color coating on mine has been peeling off from the first day I got it. I\'ve shopped from Amazon for many years and usually love the products I purchase; but, this is not just about me not liking it, this is a much bigger problem. It is about the safety of my baby!!!!! I\'ll not recommend this product to anybody!!!! Please do not buy it......
It\'s a squeaky toy. I bought it because my baby really liked the Little People giraffe. I thought this giraffe might be extra special or something. It is an overpriced (way overpriced) squeaky toy. My baby still prefers her other giraffe and throws this one aside. I\'m dumb. I paid $17 for a squeaky toy.
With only a few days worth of minimal play, I noticed that the spots on the toy were starting to disappear.  I licked my fingertip and gently wiped at the paint.  Sure enough, it came right off!  I don\'t care if the paint is \natural,\ I still don\'t want my baby to ingest it.I tried to write to the company that manufactures the product about this defect, and I never even heard back from them.  They apparently don\'t care about customer service or the quality of their products.This is a horrible toy- especially considering how expensive it is.
I have busy four and two year olds and I can handle all their toys, except this one.  My kids love(d) it (especially my four year old who insisted on flinging it side-to-side by its neck for maximum annoyance) but I finally took scissors to that overpriced chew toy.  Problem solved.
It is a dog toy. I gave it to my baby and the second she squeaked it my dog hovered over her. This toy is too dangerous for my baby to have around my dog. Not worth it
After barely a week with this \amazing\ teether - the rubber is peeling! Small bits of the bottom of the feet are breaking off. I couldn\'t believe it after seeing such great reviews. Pretty scary to see rubber missing from your child\'s toy - especially after paying $16! I would have expected better quality for the price. Amazon made it an easy return though!
I was so looking forward to getting this for my little girl, but from the second I opened the box I was disappointed.  It didn\'t smell like vanilla rubber; it smelled like latex.  I don\'t get HOW it can be called a teether.  It is a squeak toy.  Period.  It is completely hollow and has an obnoxious squeak when you barely even touch it.  It is so flexible that I don\'t see how a- it can be safe (which reading some of the other negative reviews I now see that it probably isn\'t safe) or b- can be effective.  This thing gives at the slightest touch, so how can it possibly aid in cutting teeth or massaging the gums?Additionally, you cannot sterilize this toy.  So... let\'s see.  My baby got thrush when she was only 2 weeks old and I had to sterilize everything that came in contact with her mouth.  What would I have done with this then?  And she just got over her first cold, so again everything was sterilized.  You need to sterilize things with a baby- you just do.  How can this be a toy that you can\'t sterilize?!?I will be going to Barnes and Noble tomorrow to compare and see if this is the same as what they have there, but either way I\'m sorely disappointed in this purchase.  I\'ve bought dog toys that would have made better teethers.  Heck, I have a baby Garanimals water toy giraffe that would be a safer and more effective teether.  **I have two other toys by Vulli and they DO HAVE the natural rubber smell.  This is going back to Amazon.**
This is a glorified dog toy, it feels like one, it squeaks like one, I thought it was something special from all of the good reviews but it is not. You can buy 3x the amount of good teethers for the price. Honestly people were asking why my son had a dog toy.
We\'ve only had Sophie a couple of weeks and my son loves her.  Unfortunately, she\'s losing her voice -- way too soon for the investment!!!
After getting this for my baby and after she sucked a good amount of the paint off I read that amazon\'s Sophie\'s were fake.  I scoured the Internet looking for ways to distinguish the real Sophie\'s from the fakes.  I found that this Sophie had the right markings, no obvious mistakes and came with one of the right lot or batch number so I chalked up the running eye paint to it being natural.  But then I saw Sophie\'s in a local Children\'s retail store and I realized mine was fake after all!  The real Sophie\'s eyes do not smear when rubbed or sucked on.  The real Sophie was slightly more slender and toned looking.  She was more flexible, you can easily fold her over and squeeze her cheeks in making her squeak with very little pressure. Just tapping her on the body while she is laying down makes her squeak, whereas the fake Sophie is slightly stiffer so you have to deliberately squeeze her to make her squeak. Do not take the chance with these, find a local retailer through their OFFICIAL site, not a fake Sophie website and order through them!  www.vulli-toys.com is the site on the box.  Hope this helps!
My baby loved Sophie but after reading on Vulli website certain batches have been recalled in June 2013 due to high levels of toxicity by the German manufacturer, I would not give this to your child.  Not worth taking a chance since baby puts this in mouth...
Our daughter received this cute little toy as a gift, and we have really been enjoying it - until we realized that the paint has been coming off! I am really sad to say that even though she loves it, it has to go. I have been reading the reviews looking to see if anyone else has had this problem and also learned about the choking issues.  I am very upset about this.
\Sophie the Giraffe\ has tested positive for potentially cancer causing nitrosamines. Nitrosamines are known carcinogens that are illegal in baby bottles and pacifiers in Europe.  In France this has caused a big debate about both journalism and marketing of non-toxic toys. Sophie is marketed as being one of the safest toys out there.  If she has nitrosamines in her, that doesn\'t seem quite right.Vulli, the company that has made Sophie the Giraffe for fifty years, quickly released a statement saying their toy was safe. The report was covered by another very reputable French newspaper Le Figaro.So who is telling the truth?  I\'m not sure. But here\'s the thing, I don\'t want to take chances with my daughter\'s health.  I know that many plastics and chemicals are potentially dangerous to young children, and I also understand that there are safer alternatives for companies to use.  It is my understanding that even though nitrosamines occur naturally they are still dangerous for babies to ingest.
This giraffe is very cute, and I\'m sure my daughter would have loved it. But as soon as I received the item (purchased from Dainty Baby) I followed the directions to wash the item with soapy water and a washcloth, and the paint started rubbing off (and I\'ve since read about the same thing happening in other reviews). Whether it\'s safe (food dye?) paint or not, I\'m not comfortable my baby ingesting anything from a toy.
This Vulli Sophie is so badly, it has serious smell and drop chips, I\'m so disappointed. I cannot give it to my baby, I think it\'s fake.
Twice I found my baby sticking the legs in her mouth and into the back of her throat and choking/gagging.  She was not able or could not figure out to pull it back out (of course, she is a baby)  threw this product away!  If I was not watching her who knows what would have happened. Looked this up online and found this to be a common problem and I believe it had been removed from some stores
This is a fake Sophie. I will not buy it from amazon.  The fake one has raised serial number on leg while real one has serial number inscribed. Also differences in size, color, smell and feel of rubber. This one is a knock-off. Feel deceived that the fakes are being sold here.
I thought it was really good toy and bought it. Cheap tires, horrible chemical smell. Such toys in China cost less than $1. Do not poison your children this crap.
After reading endless reviews on this thing, I finally decided to dish out the money for this toy. Once I got it in the mail, I was already a little disappointed - it looks just like a rubber dog toy you buy from petsmart, squeaks like one too. I still wanted to try it out because I was desperate to find something to help alleviate my son\'s teething pain, but the dog was more interested than he was. It didn\'t seem to help him. I just wanted to share this for the moms on here who are willing to buy anything to help with their baby\'s teething pain. This isn\'t the toy. My son likes a cold pacifier, the silicone raspberry teether (costs only $4) or even the tip of his baby spoons better than this thing. It certainly shouldn\'t be amazon\'s #1 baby item.
Baby has not interest in this teething toy. Not sure why. Wasted money on this one. Too bad. Don\'t emerse in water though cuz\' water will get stuck inside. Keep it away from bathtub.
It\'s really terrible. When my 4 months daughter started to chew it,I just found that the rubber was peeling off.....So scary. I returned it to AMAZON right away.
Very disappointed upon arrival, it resembles a $20.00 dog toy. Paint is already pealing off. Save money and buy a real one.
My 7 1/2 month old grandbaby was sittng up teething on her BELOVED Sophie. She fell forward, as she does constantly, on her tummy. Usually, this just means more playing and crawling! She was kicking her feet, as usual, facing away from me and I thought her body movement looked strange. I grabbed her up and Sophie\'s right front leg was jammed down  her throat and had COMPLETELY blocked her breathing!!! As soon as I removed it, she was gasping for air and thankfully began to scream. Sophie is her FAVORITE toy and ours until now! Children should not be unattended with Sopie!
I can\'t believe how much is being charged for this silly thing. If you\'re wondering what the big deal is about this giraffe, I\'ll tell you- it\'s nothing.It\'s an over priced trend.It\'s no different than a squeaky dog toy.If you get water in the squeaky hole you can expect mold to grow. Lame.
I wanted to love this product and was excited to buy it when I became pregnant but am now hesitant to let my baby use it after reading about the recall in Europe. Apparently, as I understand it, their toxin standards of measurement are lower than ours so they have not been recalled here (apparently we are OK with low levels of nitrates in the toys our children put in their mouths, but Europeans are not...hmmm)...Be that as it may, toxins registering even CLOSE to a dangerous level made me nervous about using. After digging around online I did discover that the company claims to have changed the product after a certain date and lists manufacturing codes so you can check yours (those listed were made after a certain date and are said to be safer). Sadly mine was not made after the &#34;improved&#34; date but I could not return it because there was no formal recall in our country. I considered returning it and hunting for one with an approved manufacturing date but man that was just too much work. Bummed but not ready to take a risk with my baby.
Totally overpriced for what it is.  Go to Petsmart and get a squeaky toy for $.99.  My 7-month old doesn\'t even like it.  She wants her $2 rattles instead.  This thing is totally useless.  Don\'t waste your money!
Received a fake one. Paint on the Giraffe started peeling off. It was sold by &#34;SB Natural Products&#34; and fulfilled by amazon.
Received the product and smells like cheap rubber. This is biggest waste of money. I even soaked it in hot water with soap for couple of hours (over a couple of days) but still smells. I ended up tossing this as this was waste of money.
i know everyone loves this thing, but we took it away from my son when he was 3 months old because all of the paint was rubbing off and showing up on his face and in his mouth.  Just by gently rubbing the body of this thing with your finger will cause the paint to come off in little rolls.  Maybe, the paint is ok to eat, but why risk your baby eating rubber and paint if he doesn\'t have to.  We are sticking to cloth and wooden toys.
The packaging made the item look of decent quality.  However, immediately after opening the box, the item exuded a potent, cheap plastic odor.  After several washings, the odor remained.  The quality of the item seems very poor, and is constructed much like a very cheap pet toy.  It immediately went back into the box and I\'ve just printed out the amazon return label.  I can\'t believe how many good reviews this item received, which is largely how we base our purchases.
my grand daughter had this teether, she loved it until I noticed the paint coming off. I took it away immediately. So it sits on the shelf. What a waste of money. I never saw a teething toy that had the paint come off in my life. I hope it was not toxic. Maybe it would make a good dog toy.
I received this as a baby shower gift. I had put it on my registry, due to all the good reviews. I\'m a first time soon-to-be parent. When I pulled it out of its fancy box, I could already see the paint coming off of the cheeks and ears of the giraffe. When I rubbed the cheeks with my thumb, more paint came off. I can\'t imagine the paint won\'t come off when chewed on by a child. I\'m not sure if I\'ll give it to my baby once he is born. I don\'t want him chewing and ingesting the paint. It\'s not worth $17. It\'s dollar-store quality.
I bought this teether/toy for my daughter when she was about 4 or five months old and she just never took it.  She did play with for a few days but just to make it squeak.  She was never interested in it as a teether for some reason.  I paid about $20 for this too, so I was pretty sad that I spent so much for a teether and it basically just went in the toy bin never to be used.  I would offer it to her often but she just wasn\'t interested.
WoW. That is my one word summary. Originally I had hoped to recieve this very cute toy for my baby girl at her shower, and then I actually got it and realized (with dismay and irritation) that is has a squeeky toy right in the belly! Here i was enjoying the company of family and friends cooing over our new bundle when my older, nine year old, daughter pulled it out of the pile of gifts and started squeeking it repeatedly. I Really wish it would have said in the product discription that it squeeked - I would never have asked for it. It DOES sound just like a dog toy! I had to do surgery and now sophie has a hole on her side. But you live and learn - I should have asked for the Baby Food Puree Book instead!
Do NOT leave your baby unsupervised with this toy! I was doing tummy time with my five month old son and he got the leg of the giraffe down his throat and was choking on it!! If I had not been right there, he could have died. He loves this toy so I won\'t take it away, I just won\'t let him have it when he\'s laying on his belly and he DEFINITELY won\'t be playing with it without an adult right there. I\'ll be contacting the manufacturer...especially since I see other reviews on here with the same story! Scary. Other than that major flaw, this is a great toy. The squeaker squeaks really easily, perfect for babies, and the rubber is very soft (but still durable).
This is the most expensive chew toy I\'ve ever purchased. For twenty something dollars I was expecting this to be a nice sturdy teether. The paint came off in my sons mouth, it was filthy in minutes. Not at all was I was expecting from a product with such rave reviews.New moms & First Time moms BEWARE.
I am very angry to find out that this teether having serious painting issues. And more surprisingly, it is different from the one selling in store at Baby R US!  I bought this for my baby 3 months ago when he was 6 months old.  However, pretty soon after I got it, I found the painting on the Giraffe\'s head and legs was peeling off.  So I stopped giving it to my baby.  And just recently I saw a discussion online and a bunch of moms all complained the painting issue with this teether.  And guess what?  They all bought it from Amazon!  One mom pointed it out that the product she got from Amazon looks totally different from the one she bought from BRU.  And she had no painting problem with the one from BRU. So I went to BRU store and checked it out myself.  And I was angry to see it was true!  The Giraffe selling in BRU is light pink comparing to the brown color I bought form Amazon.  I won\'t say the one on Amazon is fake.  But I won\'t recommend to buy it on Amazon, after spending so much money!
I got one of these as a showe gift that my baby loves. I wanted to buy another and saw it on Amazon for $19. What a deal considering these are normally $25. So I ordered and am not sure if it\'s the same and if the one from Amazon is authentic.I realize these are hand painted so there will be variation. But the rubber on the new one smells different and feels slightly harder than my original one. There are also some rough spots on the Amazon one whereas there were no rough spots on my original one at all as you could plainly tell it was very high quality. The sqeaker is not the same in the two versions. When you press on it to feel it, the shape of the squeaker is different shape, size, and sound. My original one squeaks better. The one from Amazon doesn\'t squeak well, and is higher pitched. The serial number font size on the two are different. The original one had a larger font size and the Amazon has a smaller font size. The most notable difference is the feet/hooves. The original one is thicker rubber and pretty even in thickness all the way around. The Amazon one is thin, very thin at some parts (you can see the think, wavy, crepiness) like the baby can chew through it and the hooves are not the same shape as the one I already have.I don\'t know. I bought this from  Amazon, but it is fulfilled by an outside vendor and I don\'t know their reputation. Since this is something that can easily be counterfeited, I am going to return this and buy it at full price form a store I trust, like Nordstrom. It is worth the hassle for me because this is an item that my baby constantly has in her mouth and is sucking/chewing on.Also, mine came in horrible packagin and the box is totally mangled and destroyed and some of the paint on the toy is rubbed off. Not your typical Amazon quality if you ask me.
We recently received a present of this toy. My 6 month old daughter loves it and while playing with it almost choked only my husband was so close to her. The distribution company passed it off as \gagging\ rather than \choking\ ... unbelievable. I am shocked to read SO many similar stories .. it is time to do something about this before something dreadful happens.
Seen many children with this product so decided to purchase one for my child. Noticed that when my child was sucking on the head of the giraffee the colouring on the eyes was coming off and it was all around my child mouth. I didn\'t expect that to happen!
After all the 5 star reviews of the Vulli, I ordered this. I am an enthusiastic, older first time mom (after 4 years of infertility) meaning- I spare no expense on my daughter, but this was truly a waste of money. There are hundreds of other teethers that are far better construction, function, delight, etc. What a disappointment. The one salvation was that its cute- but for 20 bucks?!! A lot of overpriced nostalgia.
This children\'s toy is nostalgic and very cute. However, there is a distinct rubber smell and a very odd taste, yes I tried it, that my baby did not enjoy. Also, if it is soiled it is extremely difficult to clean as the rubber is a kind of porus material and does not clean well. The final thing is the squeaking device inside which stopped working after the first couple of days. I returned this item feeling I had overpaid for a toy that was defective and did not meet my expectations. Please do not be swayed by the cute packaging and hype surounding it as I was. One more thing, I was given a full refund from Amazon without any problem.
As other people have posted, this Sophie is FAKE!  I didn\'t realize it until I compared it to one my friend bought from the big named Toy Store at the higher price.  Her Sophie was more colorful, softer and colorfast.  My \Sophie\ was already starting to show the colors running, and had a tougher feel to the rubber.  DO NOT BUY this one!!
I was very excited about this product and really only purchased it because of how many good reviews it has received, but I\'m afraid to say that my 9 month old son barely looked at it twice. He was actually scared of it at first, but got over that after a little while, and just chose to ignore it completely. He had been chewing on everything and teething terribly, so I was very hopeful. I will say he may just be too old, and if I had introduced something like this when he first started teething at 4 months it may have turned out differently.
I was excited to have this high-rated toy for my baby. However, as soon as he started chewing on it, the black from the giraffe\'s eyes starting coming off and running into his mouth!
What a waste of $20. I don\'t know what all the hype is about. It\'s just a tiny squeaky giraffe, I could have gotten any tiny squeaky toy that my baby put in his mouth and called it a teether and sold it for $20.My baby is 4 months old and doesn\'t care much for it...
the giraffe is very very smelly. i\'ve been airing it and hope the smell would go away, but it\'s still very strong.whenever my baby holds it in his hands, his hands would be smelly too.my baby doesnt like chewing it, so i\'m glad. i am not sure it\'s as safe as what it\'s proclaimed to be, because the smell is just too strong.what a waste of money... i guess at least my baby likes to look at it. that\'s all.
I had a Sophie I had forgotten I bought.  Also from Amazon.  Recently I purchased another.  The box on the recent one looked a  little \off\ to me so I came here looking for answers.  The new box, instead of saying Vulli in the upper right hand corner, says, \Sophie la girafe.\  This fake one has fluorescent pink on the tongue and cheeks and SMELLS like chemicals.  It also has lighter paint for the spots and doesn\'t stand on it\'s own.  The genuine one has a serial number on the back of her leg, the fake one doesn\'t have a serial number.  This is a real shame.  BOTH boxes have stickers on the bottom that say, \imported & distributed by calisson inc.  [...]  I\'ve ordered several over the last few years.  I hope I haven\'t given bad ones to babies.
We received the Sophie on a Wednesday and by Monday, with minimal use by my 5 month old, the squeaker was completely broken. She vaguely enjoys the feet and head for chewing, but it definitely is not the be-all and end-all of teethers, especially for the price. I expected it to be much higher quality and much more sturdy for almost $20.
When I received this the paint was peeling off in places.  I put it through the dishwasher to see if that would help but more kept peeling off so I threw it out.  Terrible product and unsafe to give to babies.  I know everyone raves about this giraffe and I think it would have been great had it not been for the paint.  Not worth the risk.
My son (now 2.5) LOVED his Sophie, and I bought one for every baby shower I\'ve gone to. Now, my daughter (6 months) just today nearly choked on it and I will never give it to her again. Had I not been within hearing range it could have been fatal. The strange sound she was making caught my attention and when I went to her and found the front curved leg shoved well down her throat and her face a purply/blue I panicked. I pulled it out and she vomited all over the carpet before screaming her head off. I can\'t believe how my opinion of this toy has changed from a must-have to a must-not-use. Please don\'t disregard any of the choking hazard comments, they are not over exaggerated!
this is a super cute toy that my baby really enjoyed but it got dirty and there is a little hole you have to cover to prevent it from breaking and losing its squeak. unfortunately this toy is way overpriced for the quality as mine is just a silent chewie now and that takes the fun out of my baby\'s learning and play experience. he isnt interested in it anymore. 1 star because it is the lowwest i could go. needs a warning label on how to wash it.
Maybe I got defective one.  Baby was chewing on it and the color was coming off... My baby\'s mouth and around her mouth was orange from the color from the giraffe... We stopped using it.
This wrap is too complicate. It\'s not easy to wear. My husband has no time for it. I returned it and bought some thing else that we both can wear.
I wanted some way to wear my baby that would be comfortable for both of us.  A few friends recommended moby and moby style wraps, so I got this with high hopes.  My son and I both found it cumbersome, hot, and constricting.  Maybe we weren\'t doing something right, but he hated.*There are SO many layers of material, once you finally manage to get the damned thing on properly, that the both of you will be sweating like proverbial professional women in a church before long.*Actually getting the thing ON is way too much like work, and if you want to nurse in it, it takes even more finagling and adjustment. I never managed to successfully nursed in my moby wrap.  It could be that I am too well endowed to nurse in a wrap, but the way the wrap squashed my son against me made it impossible for him to nurse without having his entire face mashed into my breast.  Suffocation is not exactly a positive side effect of breastfeeding.*On the subject of squashing, I never managed to find a happy medium for this thing.  Either we both felt constricted, or it was too loose for me to feel confident wearing it.  My son wasn\'t, I guess, normal in the constriction department.  Rather than being soothed by swaddling and confining wraps, he would throw an absolute conniption.I think some of our issues may have been worked out with practice, but the thing is so time consuming to put on and arrange, and I was so sweaty and tired after wrestling with the wrap and the baby, plus the wrap at the waist pressed directly into my c-section which was unpleasant for quite some time after I was (per the doctor) healed enough for normal activity, that I just didn\'t have the patience to keep trying at it.  My baby threw a fit every time he was in it, and that stressed me out completely.  I just didn\'t have the stamina for this  method.He did like a sling carrier when he was very young.  He was a very long and large baby (22 in at birth), so the sling didn\'t last long before that started to make him feel constricted as well, and a sling isn\'t as secure as the moby, which was a drawback for actually accomplishing much in the way of errands and/or chores while wearing the baby... which kind of was the whole purpose.I finally hit on something that did (and does) work for us.  It\'s a mei tai, or Asian Baby Carrier.  I found a free tutorial online, and it was a screaming success.  I am NOT an accomplished seamstress by any stretch of the imagination, but this was pretty simple construction, and only took a couple hours to put together, one the pieces had been cut.  Hip carry isn\'t very comfortable for us, but front and back carry are incredibly comfortable.  My husband has 3 ruptured discs in his lower back, and even he can carry our son in the mei tai for short periods.  I can get it on and off in under 2 minutes.  There are no complicated wrappings, twistings, or turnings.  My son\'s legs are free, and he can get his arms in and out if he wants to, which makes him very happy.  He\'s content to hang out in the mei tai for longer than I\'m content to wear him.  He weighs 30 lbs now, so he\'s quite a load, but the mei tai lets me carry him with very little effort.  I can even squat, bend (with care, I mean gravity does still work), wash dishes, make the beds, I\'ve even put on my shoes with him in the mei tai with no problems.Of course, everyone is different, so what works for us may not work for someone else, and it seems quite a lot of people love the moby.  We didn\'t.
I like the idea and was excited but it did not fit. I wish they would make different sizes. I\'m not gigantic I\'m only 160 lbs but after putting it on my baby barely fit. Very disappointing.
Ok my husband and I both have engineering degrees and we could not get this thing to work. Maybe we were analyzing it too much?? When we did get close, we put our newborn baby in and I was not pleased with how much it covered her face. It\'s a shame that these are so expensive just for us to figure out it didn\'t work for us. We bought a Baby Bjorn and love it - much easier to use.Also, the moby is SOOOOO long I don\'t see how you could feasibly put this on in a parking lot or store without it getting covered in dirt and grime. We are not fans of the moby wrap.
Heavy fabric, both baby and I are frustrated by the time I am ready to put him in. I get tired just wrapping the ten feet long cloth around my body!
Definitely not worth the money. It was hot, my son hated it, I never felt truly comfortable in it and always felt like he would slip right out. When I did wear it for more than 15 minutes my lower back started to ache.
This was the highest customer rated wrap on Amazon so I bought one. I found it difficult to figure out, not as comfortable as I thought it would be, and too time consuming to get in and out of. I think it might be good if you aren\'t looking for anything quick and you have someone help you put it on the first few times. A one piece carrier that just snaps into place like the Ergo or Baby Bjorn seems to be easier.
I got this wrap because my baby is a frequent nurser and need to be able to have my hands free sometimes.  I\'ve tried nursing her in this wrap over and over and I still have to hold her head up to me or else she can\'t reach it. I think this product needs to come with better instructions.  I have looked all over the web for more instructions on this but nothing helps.Also,  I think this product is a bit too pricey for just buying a piece of material~ because thats all that it is!!  If you are on a tight budget like me, learn how to MAKE YOUR OWN. As you will save a ton of money on this!! Don\'t do what I did and buy a basic piece of material for [...] bucks!!!
I got one of these as a gift and was excited to use it...until I tried to use it. I have followed the instructions, watched videos etc and I despise the Moby Wrap. It is awkward to fold (or even to bunch up) awkward/annoying to put on and my baby HATES it. Also, I overheat even when it\'s 65F outside while wearing it. Once it\'s on, I can\'t wait to take it OFF.I\'m going to save up for an Ergo carrier, fits my lifestyle MUCH better than the Moby.
I read such great reviews on this product, and I was really excited at the idea that I could carry my baby and breastfeed discreetly and hands-free! Unfortunately, learning to put it on and having the time and space to tie the damn thing was ridiculous. As a new mom, time is non-existent. I needed something that I could put on and just go! In the end, I reverted back to my Baby Bjorn carrier. My suggestion is to ask around, even try a few out before purchasing if you can. Save yourself the waste of time and money to see if you will actually use the thing. Gonna be posting mine on Craigslist now.
Very disappointed! I find that within a few minutes of wear the fabric had stretched and my baby does not feel as securely attached. I regret spending soo much money on this item. We have had much greater success and comfort with our used Snggly which we bought for $4 at a yard sale!
I got this for a baby shower gift and I was so excited about it because I read so many wonderful things about it. After my baby was born I tried to use it and boy, I hate it! I had struggle with this stupid thing while my infant son was crying just to figure out how to put it on. After a week, I finally got a hang of it. But I would have to ask someone for help if I want to use the wrap-- either to hold my son or I need to find a place safe to lay him down while I put the wrap on. The wrap is just one very long cloth. The first time I wanted to use this in public I realized that half of it was on the floor touching all of the dirt and germs and then I get to wrap this thing around my newborn. Hmmm, no thank you! You are better off trying other carriers. I so regret asking for the wrap as a baby shower gift. What a waste of money and I feel horrible for asking my friend to get this for me when I only used it for a few weeks because it simply is just a pain to use.I highly suggest actually trying it out (if a friend has one) before buying it. For a piece of long cloth, it is over priced. I would not recommend this to anyone and I am still trying to figure out why people love this so much. NOT worth the money one bit!
The long wrap drags all over the ground and picks up whatever disgusting ick is on the ground.  Imagine putting this wrap on in a store, parking lot, camping, park,playground or even at home where it will pick up lint, pet hair, carpet fibers, etc.  And then imagine wrapping the disgusting ick all over your body and your baby.It takes a lot of time to wrap it around your body and multiple adjustments to get it feeling right.  Then, when you put the baby in, you have to readjust again for the baby.  If you have to do this while the baby is fussing or crying you will be going out of your mind.  And if it is warm out, you will get all hot and sweaty.Basically, the wrap is dirty and annoying.  I\'d rather just carry the baby.
After hearing my friends rave about how great this was, I really, really wanted to like the Moby wrap. I tried to put it on about a dozen times and gave it a fair chance, but in the end its just way too frustrating for me.Pros:- Nice fabric, didn\'t find it too hot like the other reviewers.- Lightweight, you can wear it anywhere either with or without the baby, and it packs up small for travelling.Cons:- Very complicated to put on. I mean, I have a newborn, do I really want to have to learn how to do step-by-step fabric origami while she\'s wailing away? I tried the basic holds at least 7 times, but still couldn\'t get it down.- Baby is basically stuffed in there. Despite there being a variety of different holds, they are basically all variations on a theme: Baby gets stuffed into pocket against your body. Almost all the holds have the baby facing you, which once they\'re a couple of months they don\'t want to do anymore.- Short lifespan. Really only good for a newborn. The book says up to 35 lbs, but I dare you to show me a baby over three months that will put up with having their arms and legs crammed into this thing.- NON-ADJUSTABLE. This is what killed it for me. Once you get the baby in there, and you need to tighten or loosen it, its basically impossible without taking the baby out and starting over.- Not secure. Even the few times I managed to get my baby in there, I still felt like I needed to keep a hand on her back all the time for security.Conclusion: If you want a simple, easy carrier that you don\'t have to \learn\ how to use, save your money and get a bjorn or an ergo.
Everyone loves this thing but I can\'t stand it.It\'s a ton of heavy, hot fabric...forget about stuffing it in your diaper bag, it\'s huge. It\'s a pain in the ass to put the thing together, it\'s takes my husband and I a good five minutes, almost impossible to do it alone. Never mind the fact that you can\'t take it outdoors, the damn thing is so long when you\'re trying to get it on it drags all over the ground and gets filthy. I hate this stupid thing.
I bought the Baby Bijorn which my son did not like. He may like it as he gets older, but for now, he lasts about 15 minutes in it, and then starts crying. So next I tried the Moby Wrap. I suppose it\'s a good idea in theory, but it\'s just not very practical. It takes practice to get it tied correctly, and frankly it\'s quite comical trying to put it on. It\'s so long that it drags on the floor while you\'re maneuvering it, and then after the baby is in it, it takes some adjusting to get it just right. What you\'re left with is a ton of fabric wrapped around you, and you\'re hoping your child is secure. I think I\'ll put it in my upstairs bedroom and use it to shimmy down the side of the building in case there\'s a fire.
I was introduced to this baby carrier by one of the instructors at a prenatal education classes that I attended who raved about it.  I decided to buy it and try it on my twins because it was less expensive than the other baby carrier styles.  My babies didn\'t take to this carrier and didn\'t like being placed in this at all.  Putting it on was a pain too.  Ended up returning this and now have a BabyBjorn carrier.
This thing was a pain in the butt to get on despite reading the instructions and watching YouTube videos.  When I did get it on correctly my daughter hated it.  Definitely not worth it.
I decided to buy the Moby wrap after reading all the great reviews.  It must be great, right?  Wrong!  As soon as I unrolled it I knew I was in trouble!  The directios aren\'t the easiest to follow, and it\'s hard to manage over 8 feet of fabric.  By the time I managed to properly put on the wrap and then wrangle my 6-week old daughter into it, she was screaming.  Over the course of the day, I tried several different holds with the wrap (some I never did figure out how to do, and I have a college degree so it\'s not my lack of intelligence).  Each time my daughter was crying hysterically by the time I got her in. I pulled my Baby Bjorn out and she loves it.  I\'d save my money and buy a simple, easy to use carrier like Baby Bjorn.  Moby wrap is going back today!
I bought this to travel with my 2 month old and didn\'t end up using it because it was ridiculous to try and wrap this thing around my body what seemed like 10x and then try to put the baby in by yourself!Unless you have someone to help you wrap your body and help you put the baby in, I wouldn\'t recommend this at all!!!
Whoever buys a moby wrap in these economic times is an idiot. Go to the fabric store, get 6 yards of stretch cotton, make it 2 feet wide and you have your self a moby wrap!!! HURRAY!!!! Its so awesome! You can then watch on youtube on how to wrap it. No way im paying 45 dollars for this...
This is a long piece of black cloth that people have figured out how to market really well. I am frustrated by companies trying to convince consumers that products like this are \absolutely essential\.Even after reading the instructions carefully, putting the baby is in difficult at best - with my wife helping me as well. That is when the baby is in a good mood. Imagine putting the baby into the folds when she is already screaming loudly - it only makes the colic worse. Aside from the difficulty of use - after I put the baby in, I did not like the way it stretches and thus bends the baby\'s back.I can see if the baby is in a good mood and you have a lot of time to put this on - sure it can carry your baby. But I recommend purchasing a standard baby carrier over this any day. They are much easier to use and gives the baby good posture. Just because it seems \out of the box\ to use a long cloth to carry the baby - does not automatically give the product merit.This is an example of some intelligent marketing people saying \how can be make consumers believe a long black cloth is a must buy?\. To start off you will see that the box that the moby wrap comes packaged in with is filled with \awards\. The instruction booklet is very fancy with over smiling parents. Finally they have a high budget website with celebrity endorsements - based on all the 5 star reviews I see all these methods worked great.
This fabric is not good. I borrowed my friend\'s sleepy wrap and bought the moby thinking it was the same. Wrong! Boba bought out sleepy wrap and it\'s so much better. Get that one instead! The fabric is stretchier. :)
Its horrible, I dont know why anyone would pay 40 bucks for a length of fabric you need to wrap yourself and the baby up with.Beware, if you do not do it correctly and tie a good knot, the baby will fall out.
We\'ve been using this monitor for just over two months.  At first it worked fine, but after a few weeks it started to beep - signaling it was out of range - randomly.  Now, it pretty much beeps intermittently, especially when there is a person in between it and the receiver.  Yes, it apparently has trouble detecting its receiver through a human body.  Or a dog body for that matter - our dog got up and walked around in the middle of the night and the monitor started beeping and woke us up, as if our baby\'s night wakings weren\'t enough for us!  Needless to say, this isn\'t really helpful.
After only 10 days the transmitter stopped working. needless to say, this is a huge disappointment!I was better of buying the chipper product...
I read decent reviews on this monitor and didn\'t want or need anything fancy...but I have been extremely disappointed. We used it for an entire year before upgrading to a much better monitor with DECT technology. This monitor was terrible. EVERYTHING caused interference and sent it into a beeping frenzy. Cell phones. The tv. The wireless router. The microwave. My left arm. Setting a cup to close to it. Standing at a 45 degree angle more than 10 inches away but less than 5 feet (I\'m not even exaggerating). It would randomly start beeping in the middle of the night and wake us up. Our daughter\'s room is right next to ours but we still use the monitor because we\'re hard sleepers and keep the doors closed. It would be SO loud and for SO long in the middle of the night that it woke her up. Not to mention, I had to have it positioned perfectly facing a particular wall to keep it silent MOST of the time. This thing is junk!! Save yourself the money and invest in something that won\'t give you issues with interference.
My husband and I looked and looked at baby monitors, finally deciding on this Sony monitor in hopes for a great product. We own several Sony electronics and are very pleased.  Sure do wish we knew it could not cross walls (our house obviously has too many).The first night we moved our daughter into her room we had interference beeps most of the night.  We moved the monitor all over the room only to create more interference. The monitor won\'t cross the walls and no our walls aren\'t made of lead, we checked. We decided to give the monitor another try. Some nights are good with no trouble while others are horrendous. The beeping noise has actually woke my daughter. I\'m sure all you other parents out there can understand our frustration with baby waking in the middle of the night.  We are simply disappointed in the monitor and are replacing it!On a positive note, the clarity is terrific when it actually works, but I still would NOT recommend this product.
I\'ve been on a quest for a decent audio monitor to work at at least 900 feet - preferably more.  This one had great reviews and seemed like a solid product.  Doesn\'t work 100 feet from the receiver and looses signal every time I move it an inch. High pitched interference noise if my TV or home phone is on.  LAME!!  Maybe I got a dud, but I am super disappointed.
I have owned three monitors and thus is by FAR the worst. The monitor itself works fine... except for the out-of-range beeper! It supposedly beeps if the parent unit is too far from the child unit, but that\'s simply not what actually happens. We have the parent unit on our nightstand and our daughter\'s unit is in her room on her bureau and has never moved, yet every single night we have to adjust our unit (turn it a little to the right, a little to the left, backwards, upside down) to whatever spot it deems tolerable so that it won\'t beep. And when I say \beep,\ I mean the thing let\'s out a LOUD high pitch \beepbeepbeepbeepbeep\ and DOES NOT STOP. But the worst part is that it doesn\'t actually matter what you do to adjust it before you go to sleep because it will go off again in the middle of the night, for no apparent reason! After getting woken up 3 times in one night, we finally had enough and decided we would rather have NO monitor than ever turn this thing on again.
Zero stars if possible!  Do not buy this monitor!  We were given these as a gift and I feel like money was wasted.  Constant static and annoying beeps.  The range is horrible.  I have tried all of the different channels and none of them work any better.  If they are more than 10 feet apart or if you have any corner\'s in your home, dont buy these.  Just for fun I placed them 15 feet apart in the same hallway and still picked up static and beeping.  If you have animals and they walk in the line of the monitors, it beeps.
I have an L-shaped home that used to be a double.  It is no more than 1600 sq. ft.  This monitor\'s range is nonexistent.  I have managed to find a spot in my living that I am able to get a great signal from the base to the parent unit.  Yet, I hate having it on because of the constant crackling and static sound that comes on for no reason.  This happens about every 2 minutes or so.  The volume is not a usable feature because as soon as you turn it down even a little it shuts all sound off completely!  I hate this monitor and am actively searching for a better one.
I was impressed with the number of great reviews and decided to give this monitor a try. I plugged it in and the thing kept clicking, then the out-of-range alarm kept beeping.  I made a chart with every possible channel selection (27 options) and kept changing them and NONE of them worked in my house.  Some channels were better/worse than others, but all of them did the same clicking-beeping that was just darn annoying.  Why is it so difficult to make a digital baby monitor that works?  I\'d pay twice as much if they worked as well as our telephones.  Does anyone know of a 2.4GHz monitor?  Maybe the higher frequency would work in our home.
Do not buy this monitor.  The range is terrible. I can not take the monitor to the other side of the house without it beeping that it is out of range.  (Our house is not huge, just a ranch style floorplan.)  We contacted Sony about this thinking maybe it was defective and were told that the range for the monitor was 6-10 FT.  That is ridiculous!!  I wouldn\'t need a monitor if I were only 6 to 10 ft from the baby!  Terrible product!!  Don\'t waste your money.
This is a decent monitor for the price. What was surprising was the amount of \white\ or \buzz\ noise at its lowest volume levels. Many reviewers specifically said this was a very quiet monitor. I tend to disagree. The way around it was to put the setting on \voice-activated\. This eliminates the white noise until it picks up the babies voice. Downside to this feature selections is a couple: 1. First second of words or noise is lost due to the handheld having to kick back \on\. 2. It doesn\'t allow you to just hear if the baby is stirring around and it doesn\'t pick up slight mumbling or low noises/words coming from the baby.Lastly, I was surprised how bright the lights were. We have to face the monitor away as it creates a light almost as bright as a nightlight. There are two lights- the green connection light to the base and the red battery/electrical light. The red light is the one that glows like a beacon.Overall, its a decent monitor for the money. I wouldnt pay full retail price on it. I have still yet to determine the life of battery between charges. That would probably change my review up or down depending on hours of time between charges.UPDATE: after a year of this product, I really dont care for it. It \pops\ and \crackles\ for no reason and at random times. Sometimes its when trying to go to bed and forces us to turn it off (hence defeating the purpose of having one).I would not recommend this one and put some extra money in for a nicer one.
This is the second time that I have purchased this monitor.  We threw away the first one after about 6 months because it would randomly \go off\ for no reason.  I purchased the same monitor again thinking the original one was broken.  Well, that is not the case.  This monitor works great for a few weeks, then stops working.  After a short time, the monitor starts beeping if you walk near it or if it is moved.  It is over priced for the quality and is extremely frustrating to deal with.  I would spend your money on something better like the graco digital monitor.  I have had that one six months with no issues (about the same price).
I have this monitor and it has really bad interference. It makes loud popping/cracking static noises at night that would take me up for nothing. I even hear some strange man talking for 5 seconds once.Tried several channels, simply can not find a channel that is interference free. This product will go back to SONY tomorrow. I totally would not recommend this.
Using any cellphone with 15 feet of either the monitor or the receiver creates a horrible interference noise.  So if you ever plan on using your cellphone while your baby is sleeping, this isn\'t the monitor for you.
Oh this monitor is the bane of all that is good and decent in the world. It is so sensitive it picks up any noise in the room. We live in the flight path of a major international airport so it picks up every airplane that flies over head. But the deal breaker is the freaking beeping! I could have the receiver in the basement, 2 floors down from the baby\'s room and it will be completely fine, working normal, but as soon as I put the monitor in my bedroom, on the same floor as the baby\'s room, just a short walk down the hall, it starts beeping like it is out of range. I had to try and finagle where to place it to get it to work without the beeping, which usually meant putting it by the door across the room. If that weren\'t bad enough, one night I was on my computer and I heard a kid on my monitor, not a baby, a kid. I do have an older child, but that wasn\'t my kid. I was picking up someone else\'s child from another house. If you buy this monitor, be prepared to lose your sanity and your privacy.
The negatives have this one right!! This is by far the worst Sony product I have ever purchased. The beeping noise will drive you absolutely crazy, the range is pathetic, and the money is not worth it. Please do not buy this product.
I liked this monitor and it performed well.  Unfortunately, after seven months, one day, the transmitter stopped working altogether.  Too bad we didn\'t keep the box to return it.
Even though I have two sets of these (yes, you can use two sets in the same house on different frequencies), I HATE these monitors. They have absolutely no range, even in a small house. If they\'re at the wrong angle or if you walk in front of them, they will beep. Sometimes they will just start beeping randomly. My in-laws have a larger house, and there are only two places in the whole downstairs the parent end will make a connection with the baby end. I have friends who swear by these monitors and say they can use them in the house across the street if they really wanted to. I am happy if I can use it in the next room. I thought my first set was defective, so went ahead and got a second set with our second kid so that we could use them interchangeably. Unfortunately, the second set was just as bad. One of my biggest regrets as far as baby registry/baby gear is concerned.
I\'m actually borrowing this monitor from a friend, since she bought a video monitor and no longer needed it for a while. My hand-me-down old fisher price monitor, which worked FANTASTIC, is now in use by my in-laws who watch my son during the day. I wish I would have kept my old one to myself! I am going absolutely insane with the beeping! I can\'t believe it beeps when the bedroom that my son sleeps in is literally 8 ft from the living room. It beeps when we use the remote control, the computer, cell phones, or even move around the room!!! With my old monitor, I could clip the receiver onto my pants and go do stuff in the back yard or garage, no problem. This monitor is out of range if I go any more than 20 ft from the base, which means I can basically hear my son through the door anyway, making the monitor absolutely useless. At least I know he\'s safe while I\'m at work, but I would not recommend this monitor to anyone, unless they really like random beeping and defective products.
I had registered for this item being that it had the \Sony\ name, I thought it would be the best one out there. When they worked they worked great but then something went wrong with the wire and the monitors would only work with batteries. Now we had only used them for under one year. The other problem was when we put in new batteries the monitor would burn through them in 3-4 days. I spent so much money on batteries before I could go buy another set of monitors. I tried to contact Sony on their website and they were of no help. So my advice is: Don\'t spend the money on these just for the name. It\'s not worth it.
I am a big fan of Sony products and really don\'t have anything negative to say about Sony. However, I bought this product because it promised to be very quiet. I was replacing another brand that picked up a little too much interference noise. This product is far worse, to the point where I am now going back to using the other brand and putting this one on the shelf or maybe even the trash.The receiver is well within the range of the transmitter (my house is not very big), yet I keep getting \out-of range\ beeps intermittently and frequently. Now the unit is buzzing loudly even though I\'ve moved it to other locations and power sources. There are no other appliances near the units or running in other parts of the home. Additionally, none of my neighbors have children, so I don\'t think it\'s interference from other transmitters. I also tried many different channels - no help there either.I read other reviews that praised this product, which is why I purchased it. Maybe I received a defective product; maybe it\'s the area where I live; maybe it\'s something else. Bottom line: I can\'t use this product if I intend to get any sleep at night.
My wife and I were looking for a monitor for our second son and we thought this one looked pretty good. We read some great reviews and decided to get it. It is a waste of money. The \Out of Range\ alarm beeps regularly when I am in the same house (less than 75 ft. away) from our son. It\'s nice to have the rechargeable battery, but other than that, this is really a waste. Our house isn\'t huge, but it\'s big enough to present a problem.Our other son had a monitor that wasn\'t available where we purchased this one (we moved recently) and we love that one. The range is amazing! 200+ ft. (I took our trash to the dumpster and I was still able to hear my mother and wife talking in it). We lived in seminary housing and the walls were concrete, so that\'s amazing. The Sony doesn\'t even work in our current house with regular walls.Considering that this is made from a decent company, we are very disappointed with the way it turned out. I hope someone will read this review and not purchase this monitor...I wish we had read enough negative reviews to stay away from it. A waste of money.
This is not the product quality I\'ve come to expect from Sony. Every problem we\'ve had has been on multiple different channel sets for this monitor - I believe we\'ve tried at least 80% of the channel settings available and continuously had the same problems. Before you say \You\'re probably trying to take the monitor too far away from the transmitter in your house\, we live in a 795 sq. foot apartment. Getting \too far away\ from the transmitter isn\'t possible.Here are the problems we\'ve had since we\'ve gotten this monitor.1. Don\'t put a cell phone anywhere near the receiver. It will emit a loud burst of static, lose signal and start beeping, probably loud enough to wake your child.2. Don\'t move the monitor more than 4 feet away from the transmitter in your child\'s room. It will lose signal and start beeping, probably loud enough to wake your child.3. Do not look at the monitor when it\'s on. It will lose signal and start beeping, and wake your child.4. Do not attempt to move the monitor closer to the transmitter. It will start squealing with feedback, wake your child, and then lose signal and start beeping.5. Do not stand within 5 feet of the monitor. It will lose signal and start beeping.6. Do not attempt to sleep in the same room as this monitor. It will emit bursts of static loud enough to wake you up every 30 minutes, and then randomly lose signal and start beeping when it feels that you\'re not being a vigilant enough parent because you\'re trying to sleep.I don\'t know how it happened, but my 20lb sledgehammer accidentally fell at an extremely high rate of speed on top this monitor earlier this morning. Looks like we\'re going to have to get a new one.
We bought this device based on the reviews we read here. It worked well for about 1 month. Now we get so much static, buzzing and popping we have turn it off. Back to researching so hopefully we can find a monitor that really does was it says!
Worked for a while, but now, after being on for a while, it starts to buzz. I have to slap the transmitter (the one in our daughter\'s room) to get it to stop, which is so upsetting when you\'re trying not to wake your baby. It then starts buzzing a short while later. We\'re shopping for a new one!
DO NOT BUY THIS THING. I received it as a baby shower gift and my husband and I used it, for about two weeks. Then we pitched in the trash. It comes with a feature that you can\'t turn off. It will beep if it\'s out of range or if there is interference.Well guess what? The darn thing would beep randomly at any hour of the day or night. It did not matter what we did or how we tried to get it to work right it would just beep loudly and in a shill high pitch. My husband and I hated this thing it is a form of torture I assure you. There  are other monitors on the market that work better. Trust me and save yourself a head ache.
I am so disappointed with this monitor, on every level. it keeps beeping that its out of range even at the short distance of bedroom to livingroom, it keeps making horrible feedback noise unpredictably, and on the practical level it only has a charger for one side, so that the other has to be plugged in and thus is not easy to move around the house. On the plus side, it is water resistant- so important for those rainy days, right? I wish they would have invested more in the QA of the product instead. I am getting a different monitor. :(
After reading other review I bought this Baby monitor it is not as good as mention; too noisy, only thing which work perfectly is voice activation.I live outside USA. It was shipped to me from USA, and can\'t even return it back.Will not recommend
this damn piece of crap is so annoying.  I live in a small house and it beeps when it is out of range when it\'s not more that 65 feet away.  Sometime is works farther away, but never continuesly works in the same place.  You put it just so to get it to not beep and then it beeps periodically or the next day beeps constantly.  I prefer my crying baby to this annoying peice of crap
I\'m not sure if we got a dud or what, but this item never really worked well.  Reception is poor even at 2 ends of the house.  The sound was never clear.  Then after about 6 months it decided to just quit working altogether.  Disappointing.
Waste of money. Doesn\'t work 75% of the time! Static even in the next room. Makes loud static noise every 10-20 min so just as I fall asleep it wakes me up then 10 min later baby wakes me up and can\'t even hear him on the monitor just through the door!
I received this product as a baby shower gift and sad to say - I ABSOLUTELY HATE IT!! The receiver makes an annoying clicking/suctioning noise when the baby is quiet which leads you to believe something is wrong with the baby unless you force yourself to get used to it. If you have a cell phone and you are within 6 feet of the receiver it will make an annoying noise as well when you receive a call, text message, or if data is going through. Also it picks up tiny sounds so if you have the volume low for some reason and you look at the light indicator to see if the baby is awake - you may be fooled by the slightest noise making the light indicator move. There is honestly nothing I like about this product!
I needed a second monitor and decided to go cheaper (the other I have is the Philips Avent, which is great), so I bought this one. Huge mistake. The range is terrible and there\'s constant feedback and beeping for no reason. Spend a bit more and get a better one.
This thing couldn\'t make it 20 feet without cutting out completely. This is hands-down the worst baby product we have purchased. Totally useless, and got thrown away after trying to use it a half a dozen times.
It has VERY limited range. We have a medium-small, stick built ranch house - 3 bedrooms, 1500 sq.ft. We can hardly use the monitor more than 1 or 2 rooms away, because the \out of range\ alarm goes off so frequently. And of course, we are using it so close to baby\'s room, he often HEARS the alarm and it wakes him up! I don\'t know how people with larger homes can use this product.
This monitor is not any more efficient than cheaper ones plus it beeps when out of range. That wouldn\'t be a problem except that it ALWAYS seems out of range. It is very annoying especially at night when trying to sleep. It sits on bedside table and I have to find the exact right spot or it will beep. It also makes a staticy click if it\'s not in right spot. We have tried multiple channels to no avail. I would not buy this again!
i never write reviews but i feel obligated to review this product as i am so horrified by it.  three times in 100 days (so 3% of the time which is pretty high) the monitor JUST STOPPED WORKING!  now my husband and i are both electronic savvy and so this was not something we did on our end and we can not figure out what happened but it was SO SCARY to realize the monitor had not been working and to wake up to hear the baby screaming down the hall and we would have to wonder if he had been screaming for hours or not... so devastating... we would go to bed with the monitor working and wake up to have NO SOUND coming through despite the fact that the monitor was on and the battery charged!  even if this had not happened i still found the monitor to be a big pain... it constantly would beep out of range even if we were in the next room and it constantly picked up static and interference despite the 27 channels... we tried a new channel almost every night and they were all horrible!  we bought the fisher price sound-n-lights with dual receievers... much cheaper and two receivers and only two channels and so far i am thrilled with it... no feedback, no static, no out of range and it has not just stopped working for no reason at all.
I have had this monitor for 10 months now and every month that passes I hate it a little bit more. I actually just got up from a nap to write this review since the range alarm \feature\ kept going off even though the transmitter and receiver are both stationery and nothing in the house is moving, therefore sleeping was not an option with the incessant beeping. The range alarm is supposed to beep to notify you if you are too far away from the receiver. I can\'t say if it actually does that or not since mine beeps all the time if you walk near it, carry it on your person, or just sit still in a room with it. I would not recommend this monitor to anyone, especially the target audience who value every minute of sleep they can get. A monitor that announces when your baby is crying is wonderful, one that beeps for no reason is not.
I live in a big, old house (with 4 floors) and this monitor only worked between 1 floor.  Interestingly, the less expensive monitor I bought before this one worked from the basement to the 3rd floor whereas this Sony only worked between 1 floor.  And, it beeps all the time for no reason.  I had to return it because even when it was working (which was not all the time) the beeping drove me crazy.  Not a good product.  We had iPads people.  How hard is it to design a decent baby monitor?  When Apple gets into the baby monitor business I\'ll be their first customer.
This was great for me for almost 6 months of my daughters life then it all of a sudden became possessed! I literally have nightmares from and the clicking and beeping!
The reception for this monitor doesn\'t even reach from the front of my house past the kitchen and (small) family room. Forget trying to take it outside. VERY disappointed.
Read the one star ratings .  I had the same problem.  Range alarm sounding through out the night with the monitor in the room next door.  Defective?  Maybe.  Returned?  Oh yes.
This was about the 3rd baby monitor we\'ve bought so we decided to splurge a little on this one thinking it would be better. If you want a baby monitor that beeps every time you walk around your house this is the one for you! It even beeps sometimes in the middle of the night while you\'re sleeping, bonus! If there is anything at all in between the base and the receiver the thing goes crazy! So I always know when my husband is leaving for work at 5 in the morning. Yeh!!! In order to change the channel you have 3 separate switches that have the colors red, yellow and green. You can make any combination of these three, which gives you many channel options. All of which, as I have found, are even worse than the last. And it\'s not very easy to keep track of which frequencies you\'ve already tried. What\'s wrong with just numbering them? Let\'s keep it simple people. Some other people seem to be happy with theirs, so maybe we just got a bad one or maybe we just never found that \magic\ channel that always gets good reception. I just wouldn\'t chance it if I were you. Even a cheapy Graco monitor is better than this one in my opinion. Good luck!
We got this monitor because of all the good reviews and my wife thought it was a good choice since everyone else had given it 4 and 5 stars, after we got baby home and got it hooked up we were surprised and disappointed with the results. The VOX did not activate properly, there was a lot of interference with a dimmer that we keep on a shelf about 6ft away from the monitor, and the out of range alarm kept activating even though it was only halfway across the house. We used a for the babies first nap and then it went back in the box to get shipped back, I would not recommend this product to any friends or family and I was disappointed with all the great reviews it got distorting its real functionality.I hope to save someone else the time, effort, and money before they order this product.Range - horribleSound - Not so greatVOX - didn\'t pick up baby cryingRegards
beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep, get used to that noise.I am editing my review after some thought and more use. I mention below I use this when at my in-laws. I am comparing it to my Summer video monitor. I realized my Summer is also hard to get a good signal & I do have to adjust it to get rid of the static. The difference is you can still hear baby/kid through the static. And the biggest difference is, you can listen to a bit of static, you can\'t sit through beeping. My advice? Don\'t get any monitor that beeps while out of range.I had my in-laws get this for when we go visit them. This was recommended in the Baby Bargains book & I use that as my bible, so I went ahead with it. It is CONSTANTLY out of range! It works sporadically throughout the house.They rent a beach house, so they brought it this summer there as well. I obviously wasn\'t able to bring it outside to the pool. I couldn\'t even just sit it on the deck. (2 walls away but a straight shot) I had to stack boxes up on top of the outside table, do a little dance, stand on my head and then it would stop beeping. At the beach house there was only one wall separation where we used it the most (inside) and it would STILL BEEP if you walked in front of it!I\'m pretty sure the one I have at home would have worked at the pool. I bring it to the back yard & into the garage all the time.Yes, I tried changing channels to no avail. At home we are very happy with our video Summer Infant Day & Night. Video is a must for me, it isn\'t perfect but now that I have had this to compare it to it\'d pretty darn great.
This is the first time ever that I have felt the need to review a product.  I must say that this monitor has angered me more then any other in quite some time.  The first night I turned it on it worked great.  It was very quiet and I could even hear my toddler breathing as he slept.  The second night it started making a horrible sound the minute I turned it on. I switched channals and it worked much better. A week later it started randomly beeping every few minutes. It turned out that it would beep each time I rolled over in bed.  Next the static started and more random beeping. This time it was beeping for no reason at all.  No amount of switching channals, or messing with it made it work properly.  The voice activation feature, which is the whole reason I bought the thing, never worked.  I finally located my Fisher Price 900 Mhz and that works great. I am tossing out the Sony one first thing in the morning. I\'ve had two months of stressful sleep because of that thing.  DO NOT GET THIS MONITOR!  The beeping, over-sensitive out of range alarm, and loud static are just not worth the price.
I bought this in 2007 with my first kid. It was terrible. And I used it in about 6-7 different houses (I traveled a lot and used to take monitors along with me when I go to visit people\'s houses in case my son was sleeping) so it wasn\'t just my house but the monitor is terrible. There is this constant buzzing sound coming from it and it gets so much interference from cell phones and electronics (which are everywhere these days).For some reason this was the one recommended by the BabyBargains book of that year and all my friends who had babies also got it and we all agreed it\'s a piece of crap. Usually Sony is safe but in this case it\'s not. You want to love it or find excuses for it because it\'s more expensive than the other ones but stay away. Just because it says Sony and its recommended by BabyBargains you don\'t have to get it. Do your own research and ask your friends what works for them. For my 2nd child we got a summer video monitor and it works great (though it has a few flaws such as there are only 2 channels so if your neighbor has the same monitor you might see their kid in the video and vice versa...creepy).
We have this monitor and I would NOT recommend it, if your bedroom is on a separate floor from your child\'s room.  It beeps that it is out of range constantly, even though we have it within the range limit.
We have not had any luck getting these to work effectively. At about 20 ft away, the \range alarm\ kicks on. This alarm has it\'s own volume that cannot be adjusted or turned off. At 20 ft it\'s loud enough to wake the baby and a really irritating noise. At 20 ft I also don\'t need a baby monitor.I\'ll be returning it tomorrow and investigating alternatives.
For the first 6 months of use, I could bear using this monitor, it has very clear reception. However, the static has always been the problem. After placing it in few different locations, it would work okay. But since the last one month, it has been destroying my baby\'s as well as m own sleep. It crackles so loudly almost in some pattern every few minutes. It is so loud that my baby at the other end of the corridor in her room wakes up at times. Looking for a new monitor to get some good sleep :(
Sony has never backfired for me, so when I was looking for a baby monitor this was an obvious choice. What a terrible mistake. I tried every possible channel to prevent the horrible interference noises... it is unable to communicate with the base station about 75% of the time. PLEASE AVOID AT ALL COST.
We got this as a gift. We put it on the registry. It has gotten great reviews and the price was right. We have been using it for a couple of months. It makes this beeping noise all the time. We would be in the other room and all it would make a beeping sound that we are out of range. It\'s sooooo annoying that we turn it off and on just to check to see if our baby is ok. It\'s not doing what it is supposed to do. So now we are getting a new monitor.
We bought 2 of these based on a good friend who loved this product.  We used one at our house and one at my parents\' house for when the kids are with them.  Both monitors beep constantly.  Supposedly, this means that the monitor is out of range.  However, at our house, the monitor is 2 rooms away from the receiver - which can\'t possibly be out of range seeing as it is about 30 ft. away.  At my parents\' house the monitor is upstairs and the receiver downstairs (also less than 30 ft., just vertically).  We\'ve tried different channels and it still beeps.  If we try to take the monitor outside or move it anywhere else....more beeping.  Needless to say, we are getting a new one (different brand!).
This is a horrible product. It constantly beeps and complains about being out-of-range (even across short distances), it picks up interference quite frequently from cell phones, etc. I made this purchase based on the good reviews on multiple sources, however deeply regret that decision. I don\'t understand how it can have 4 stars. DO NOT BUY IT.
This thing is a piece of junk! My husband and I tossed it as soon as our refills were used. Those smart people at Playtex designed a diaper can that can only take their liners.. and these liners are a lot of money considering it is just plastic bags!! We tried using out plastic bags in the can and it did not work because when you open it the bag sinks to the bottom.. Plus the liners don\'t even smell good.. so as soon as you step on that stand to open the pail, you smell poop.. so, DO NOT BUY! and instead just buy a little wastebasket with lid, and just change your bag of diapers bi-weekly.. no stink, and a lot less mula!
I had used diaper genie about 8 years ago with my older child. That was a \twist\ model. Worked great, no complains. Unfortunately the new model is so poorly designed that makes the use of diaper genie a total hassle. Will not buy again.
I would highly recommend against this product.  My whole house smells like pee.  This claims to contain the odor and mess, but it does not.  The mechanism inside is super flimsy and didn\'t work well even before it broke.  I can\'t stress enough the smell.  You don\'t think dirty diaper smell would be that bad, but put twenty dirty diapers in this thing and your whole house will smell ripe of piss.
One half of the internal mechanism that opens/closes when you step on the pedal broke - the plastic pivot point sheared off under regular use.  We weren\'t rough with it - it\'s just cheaply constructed and didn\'t last.I\'m planning to buy a regular step trash can instead, which will be more reliable, and use regular garbage bags.
What can I say, I was sucked in by the hype like everyone else. However this is the worst diaper pail I have ever used. It barely lasted a year and malfunctioned the entire time. The lid opens and closes by a foot pedal that functions by pushing two little pegs up and down a track with the assistance of springs. These pegs do NOT stay in the track and you have to constantly align them again. This causes them to break and well, you will need to buy a new one. It does not do a good job of keeping the smell down either, especially if you are constantly keeping it open to align the lid again. I ended up completely disassembling the machanism so I could just make it usable by lifting the lid manually. To top off this terrible designed system you have to pay a rediculous price for bag refills which will only last you for 2 and a half fillings. I have thrown away enough money on this, I hope you think twice before buying into the hype. The orginal Diaper Genie was a great idea. This new version is terrible. You would have better luck just tossing it in a trash can.
First of all, once your little tike is eating regular food, you\'ll hate this thing.  It reeks like the corpses of a thousand portapotties.  Second, for the husbands, if you get one of these, expect your wife to overfill it at least once bi-weekly.  It\'s a fun process setting things aright, which usually involves breaking the thing in about six ways, covering yourself to the arms in human excrement, then reassembling it, all while gagging at the inhuman aroma wafting from cavernous interior of this death machine.  Please buy something else.  Please, for the love of god, buy something else.
It is just highly priced trash bin with very expensive refills!All the fancy description for preventing smell doesn\'t make any sense.
I got rid of the Diaper Genie II and bought the Diaper Dekor instead...we\'ve been very happy with the Diaper Dekor and recommend that.- holds very few diapers -- must be changed every few days(Diaper Dekor holds at 5x as many diapers...and only needs to be changed weekly, every 8-9 days)- refill does not last very long...gets expensive(Diaper Dekor refill lasts forever -- like 2 months, I think! Way cheaper...)- what I hated most: I scratched up my hands every time I stuck a diaper in it...there is a plastic ring around the refill that sticks out...I honestly bled almost every time. It was awful.(Diaper Dekor has a step pedal, so hands never have to go inside.)- don\'t really have a problem with smell control with either of these, but our 6mo old is exclusively breastfed and of course, smells like roses :-)
I\'m not happy about having to write this because when we set out 7 months ago to purchase a diaper disposal system it was me who insisted on the Diaper Genie Elite. My wife wanted to take a chance on another unit by Munchkin/Arm and Hammer but I just had to have the DG!After months of use here is the straight and narrow: The mechanism inside of the DG (Diaper Genie) eventually breaks down and fir us the lid constantly gets stuck open. The mechanism was also designed to keep the smell within the unit with two small flaps that close when you release the lid to the closed position. This we have found is ineffective and... well smelly! The bagging system is fairly easy but I don\'t like touching the bags and having to tie a knot. I always feel like I am touching the top on the bag where you pushed sometimes leaky diaper through, and that leaves me feeling like it is neccessary to wash my hands after every disposal or bag change. In addition the cartridge refills are expensive and they don\'t last long at all. We have twins so I suspect this is partly to blame but I am comparing against another system. This is a no-go for me and I will be throwing mine away so someone else does not have the same experience.My suggestion would be the Munchkin/Arm and Hammer model. We found ours at a consignment sale and even used it well surpassed the DG. The lid closure system is perfectly designed and you will not smell the stink... even when you open the lid. It conveniently dispenses Baking Soda automatically, though I don\'t think it is necessary due to a properly functioning design. Changing the bags is also very easy. No tying knots, no touching open ends. Just take out the bag, snap it shut and carry to the garbage. The cartridges don\'t look like they will last long at first glance but they last well past the DG. Plus this unit just looks better to the eye and is lighter on the pocket book.
This order was sent in a box big enough to ship a refrigerator!! To add insult to injury ... the WRONG ITEM was sent!. Instead of a diaper genie ELITE, they sent a useless diaper mini (that holds approx 10 diapers in it) and 4 pkgs of refills. Cust.service was contacted 2 days ago and it was found that it was false advertisement and that they cannot send the diaper genie ELITE at all(even tho it is still currently being advertised on Amazon shopping)! So the great resolution is to return this mini for creditand look for the genie elite elsewhere.(Really??)... I don\'t even have a  box to return it in and have to hunt for another! I\'m disappointed on so many levels!I have never encountered a problem like this before, but geez...after resolving this I believe I will be xmas shopping elsewhere
We used a diaper champ for the first 9 months of my daughter\'s life, and it worked great.  Eventually, it started to smell which makes sense because every time you flip the lid it exposes a part that has previously been smushing dirty diapers.  I\'m sure we could have scrubbed it out and fixed most of the odor.  But, we were lazy and decided to try the Diaper Genie.  Big mistake.  It doesn\'t hold many diapers and needs to be changed every few days.  And every time we open the pail a horrible smell comes through it.  The entire room smells after we change her diaper.  This started with the very first use.  I can\'t wait to try something else!
My normal Diaper Genie had worked wonderfully for almost two years. I decided to change it because it started to smell, which I guess it\'s normal after all that time holding dirty diapers. So I decided to dispose of it and get the Elite version in the store just assuming it was going to work better than the regular. Well it did not, and here is why:1) Size - The bigger is not the better: The fact that it is bigger (taller) may come across as an advantage of course, since we immediately think that since it holds more diapers we don\'t have to empty it that often, which we believe is good. This would be true if we were talking about other kind of garbage, but when it comes to dirty diapers we all know that as time passes things start to get very unpleasant when it comes to smell. So for diapers, holding them inside your house for longer periods of time is not that good idea. Because of that reason, I ended up emptying it as frequently as I did the regular (and smaller) Diaper Genie, even when it was not completely full. I just didn\'t want to leave those diapers there for that long period of time. So the bigger size is not really an advantage for me. Now, if the closing mechanism was effective to hold the smell inside, the taller size would actually be an advantage, but the closing mechanism in the Elite is not good, it lets the smell out and brings me to the next item in my review.2) Closing mechanism - The regular Diaper Genie has these two panels that overlap with strong springs that keep them tight close trapping the smell inside. When you need to add a new dirty diaper to it, you have to kind of force your hand between the panels to drop the diaper. Since the panels are exerting pressure against your hand the whole time, the opening space (that lets smell out) is really small so in the second it takes you to get your hand in and out you don\'t really smell anything. Now here\'s the problem with the Elite. With the Elite you just have to \conveniently\ push this little step on the base with your foot to open the whole thing. The mechanism opens everything, the top, and the panels, which are now open about 2 inches wide, letting the smell freely come out. Now, you would say this shouldn\'t be that big of a deal because you just keep it open for a few seconds, well, the problem is not only that a few seconds is enough to let smell out when you have such a big opening - add the fact that you have more diapers that have been there for a longer time- but that when you take your foot out of the step, it closes fast and violently so it blows air (smell) out. The end result is that the regular Genie controls smell really good at least for a long period of time (about a year and a half), the Elite does not from the very beginning.3) Quality - The third and last reason I\'m giving this product a bad review is that despite the two items above I decided to keep it - you know, I paid about double the price of the regular Genie -  and after two weeks the thing broke. The mechanism to open/close broke and I was left with a wide open diaper disposal. I decided then to get rid of it and get the old regular Diaper Genie, which has been working perfect since.
No magic here. Starts to stink after one poopy diaper. Works better to use little bags and throw the diapers away outside immediately.
I\'ve been disappointed in this product.  It fills up fast and the stack of diapers pushes against the drop slot and can knock it off the track.  Which is a total pain to pop back into place (happened 5 times in less than a year).  Also, a piece of plastic broke on it recently, rendering it useless.  So it is now in the trash.  Lastly, the refills seemed pricey at $8 each.
For our first two children we had a diaper genie and recommended the thing to every expecting parent since. So ten years after our second child we\'re buying all new stuff for the third (and last) and decide to get this new, improved \elite\ genie. Wish I wouldn\'t have.The original was a great device, you drop the diaper in, twist the top and it sealed it in a link like sausage. Didn\'t smell, worked well, easy to change.The Elite model is just a bag with a jaw that opens when you step on the peddle then closes and drops the diaper into a bag, it\'s actually a simpler, cheaper design that cost more money and doesn\'t work as well.Ours has been annoying since day one I cursed the thing, now, a year later the plastic inside broke and it doesn\'t work at all. Junk.2/14/13We did replace the original, partially because of our subscribe & Save we still had 4 refills when the old one broke. The new one lasted less than a year, the little tab on the flap broke again and it\'s just garbage. We bought a trash-can.
I bought this thinking it was an automated diaper changer.  Put the baby in the Diaper Genie, pull it out, and viola! freshly diapered baby.  This couldn\'t be farther from the reality.  It turns out that the diaper genie is not a genie at all, just a gussied up trash can.  Pass!
Like everyone else I know, I put the Diaper Genie on my baby registry 3 1/2 years ago. It worked fine for about 6 months, then the part that cuts the bag off when you go to empty it stopped working. Every since then, I have to keep a pair of scissors handy and manually cut the bag. Also, the bags themselves are cheaply made. I just tried carrying a full \sausage\ down the stairs and the whole thing split apart, spreading feces-filled diapers everywhere. I wanted to cry. Don\'t buy this product. It has given me nothing but grief.
I had really high hopes for this.  We bought one for our first baby.  Assembly was pretty straight forward.  But the functionality was a complete failure.  the plastic push bar that open the lid keeps coming off.  So the lid will NOT open.  The entire device is made of plastic.  Soft plastic.  I could not be more disappointed and frustrated.  I guess we will return it.  Thank goodness for Amazon\'s gracious return policy.
I have bought two of these items and both have broken. The fact is the diapers do not fall smoothly down the chute as designed.  My wife and nanny obviously change thousands of diapers for my twins and it\'s not surprising that once in a while they have to push down on the diaper. If the \trap door\ is not exactly in the right position you can easily break off the small peg that opens the door.It is even more frustrating that I know exactly how to fix this, but I can\'t because there\'s no way to reattach the peg because you cannot access that part to even glue it back on.I know this shoddy design and cheap materials is a way to save costs and boost margin.It\'s a horribly designed product with a 1/3\ cheap peg holding the whole thing together. I feel like a moron for falling for it twice.
The whole reason I wanted a diaper pail was because my old system was not working. I used  a tiny step can with a lid and emptied it every day. After about 10 months, the small garbage can began to stink so badly no matter what I used to clean it. My mom visited and commented on how bad the nursery smelled.Aw, if I could turn back the hands of time, I would have listened to the negative reviewers\' warnings about this product. It seems like such a great idea in theory, but it just doesn\'t keep those nasty smells away.The pail itself is simple to use, and the idea of not having to run outside after every change was so tempting. However, the diapers still stink, and every time you push the pedal and open the lid to add a diaper, the nursery is filled with a stench! And this smell lingers. I have tried cleaning the pail with bleach, vinegar, the sun, a product called odoban, baking soda, and lysol. The diaper genie still smells foul. This has turned into such a hassle. If I have to empty the pail and clean it every single day, it defeats the whole purpose of having one. I wish I could return it for store credit but I will likely end up giving it away.Don\'t waste your money. You\'ll be sorry just like I am.
Two Diaper Genies broke in two years. Not only are the refills expensive, but the unit is cheaply made. The unit uses cheap plastic pins that frequently shear off. Don\'t think you are going to have to buy just one. I have already bought two, but still have another year to go on our second child. Is it unreasonable to expect these to last through a couple of children?
With my first child I thought the Diaper Genie was a must have even though the refill liners seemed expensive. After about 9 months of using the Genie I noticed a horrible odor eminating throughout my home. It seemed the Diaper Genie took on the smell of all those dirty diapers. I tried cleaning the unit, but the rotting, putrid smell was pretty much baked into the plastic. With my second child I tie poopy diapers up in a plastic grocery bag and toss them in the trash can in my garage and they all go out on trash day. So much better! Well that was my experience. I can\'t recommend the Diaper Genie because to me it just seems like a gimmick.
Every single day, I regret not simply getting a trash can with a step lid. It works fine for small, non-full diapers, but when you\'ve got a big one, the opening is far too narrow to put the diaper in by simply setting it in and stepping on the pedal. The capacity it holds before it gets full is quite meager, also. Somewhere around 10-15 diapers before you have to empty it. The refills also aren\'t very cheap. You can get a large amount of trash bags for the amount a refill pack costs.The worst part yet is that the Diaper Genie itself barely ever works correctly. The way that it opens to allow diapers to submerge is very counter-intuitive. Diapers ALWAYS get stuck inside of it rather than go down, requiring you to shove the diapers down into it. Which pretty much defeats the purpose of having a lid-opening pedal in the first place. I\'ve never had anything that I\'ve ever owned cause so much frustration as the diaper genie. Heed my words before it\'s too late! Skip this thing and just get a trash can with a step lid!
It\'s not attractive.  Doesn\'t grip smooth walls well and constantly moves around on the wall.  The dogs (they are large dogs) knock it down NO PROBLEM and occasionally the whole thing just falls in pieces. It was a waste of money.
This gate doesn\'t clamp into the sides of our opening that well.  A visiting dog rushed into it and bent the metal.  My husband had to make some new braces to get it to stay in place.  The metal part that is present when gate is open is also a tripping hazard.  We hate this gate.
This product is very flimsy.  My son likes to stand and shake the gate. One good shake on the joints and it looks like it will fall.  Don\'t trust this gate not to fall over as he grows bigger and stronger.  We actually bought a new one from Summer Infant and it works great!!
this is a very cheaply made gate.  it can be knocked down easily.  hard to set up.  very shaky and flimsy..
It took my 2 year old a few minutes to figure out how to open this gate.  We have a couple other gates that he has never been able to get through but this one is extremely easy to figure out.  This gate would probably be OK for pets but if you are trying to keep a curious toddler out of a particular area of the house then it is useless.
This item is so flimsy that just the pressure of a 1 year old\'s body would push it over. We had to send it back and purchase another one.
This gate does not work with the extra parts added.  We will use it without the extension still, but if you\'re looking for a wider area I would not recommend this at all.  My husband is very handy and couldn\'t even rig it to be remotely safe and not fall over.
Seriously???  It says 29.5\ to 52\, that should include every size in between.  After an hour of trying to install this, it\'s absolutely useless it has to go back.  With out the expansion in it, even with the screws all the way out, it is too loose and does not fit in the door way.  With the expansion in, even with the screws all the way in it is too small and I ended up with a hole in my dry wall trying to force it in.  So disgusted!!!
Can\'t tighten it too much because then it doesn\'t close properly, but without it being tight enough, my 11 month old can knock it over!
This gate was going to be used on our porch so my son does not fall down the stairs. This gate says it is 52 inches which it is but if you extend out to the 52 inches this gate is as good as a piece of cardboard.If you are going to use this gate at the 52 inches make sure to reinforce with some 2x4\'s.The gate does not feel secure with just tension.
\This gate expands from 29 to 52\.  This is total and complete BS.  I have 48 inch hallway that I am using this on and it has been very flimsy at best.  I also tried to tighten da hell out of it and it scratched up the wall and dug into the drywall.  Still flimsy.Overall, I do not recommend.  I also couldn\'t get the locking mechanism to work so I basically tie the gate shut.  Very Ghetto.
This gate may serve its purpose for a small crawling toddler or small pets.  But it is so flimsy and does not hold on to the wall tight enough for any standing toddlers who can easily shake it off the wall or medium or large size pets.  Useless, returned them the next day I got them.
Very poor design. any baby or dog that leans against itwill knock it over.  I returned the one I bought.
The gate is easy to install and fits our uneven walls, but It\'s flimsy. You get what you pay for I suppose.
This gate is a total waste of time and money.  Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere. Very poor construction, and cannot be tightened to the point that it is secure.
Our 16 year old daughter can push this down the stairs. We have bought 2 different gates, this one and then one more expensive. The price is reflective in the quality. This one can be moved if your toddler is strong enough, that doesn\'t happen to our other gate.
It is poor quality and weak. It could not hold tight onto the wall. After installing, we decided to return.
This item is faulty.  DO NOT BUY.  I sent one back thinking it was damaged, but second one just arrived with same problem.  The gate adults are suppose to walk through Do NOT shut or open correctly.
Gate would probably be fine without the extension but with the extension attached the gate is useless. It does not close and open with ease, have to pull gate in oposite direction to open and close and it is very tough to do unless if you loosen it but then it is not sturdy and a child can topple the gate over. The gate is just left up and I climb over it when I need to get past it.
Our door way is 46 in wide. With the large extension added the rods have to extend ALL THE WAY out and makes the gate wobbly. With both extensions it\'s too wide. I was Gonna order another extension a 3 bar one, but they only come on 2 and 4 bar extensions. Which makes the gate too small with the 4 bar extension and too wide when using both extensions. Waste of money unstable don\'t buy
I couldn\'t assemble the gate in the doorway because if i used both extenders it wouldn\'t fit in and if i removed the smallest one it won\'t expand enough to fit securely. If you have a small dog in this situation they can walk right through the sides.
Cheaply made. My don pulled them down as soon as I out them up. The pressure mounts down screw into the gate to give it extra strength. U will return and buy two more Evenflow products
Returned item. With a 10 month old who likes to pull on the bars like an ape, this gate just did not have the same sturdy feeling as others we own. Also does not self close, which is super helpful.
I\'m kind of upset about this, as the description posted here on Amazon says to 52\, but in the manual it says to 50\.I hope when I put this up, it fits, because if it doesn\'t, I\'m sending it back.
The &#34;walk thru&#34; option of this gate is extremely hard to open and close.  So hard, that we will not be utilizing this feature.
I ordered this gate for the top of my stairs.  The first gate i ordered when i went to assemble notice that it had torqued by the closure so the gate did not fully close at the top and any amount of pressure from a child would open the gate.  Dissatisified i ordered a replacement gate, and unfortunately the same thing happened with the second one.  I am not attempting a third order i will order a different brand!!disappointed in the manufacturing!
I bought this gate for my parent\'s house, my daughter is 14 months old and is starting to figure out how to go up the stairs so I wanted to get a baby gate to prevent her from going up the stairs falling and getting hurt. I read the reviews on this one it was mixed but the price was right and so I decided to buy it anyway. BIG mistake.I don\'t know who wrote those instructions but they are ridiculous, I got through steps 1-5 and from there I was so lost. The product comes with four screws but the instructions do not tell you what to do with them. The tension gauges do not provide tension, when I went to put it in place it fell down. It\'s made of flimsy metal and the gate doesn\'t even close securely, so even if I some how managed to put it together my 14 month old would have opened it herself and climbed up the stairs. Not very safe if you ask me. I realized when it comes to baby gates this is one area where you do not try and save money. Anyway I will be returning this item for a refund  and spending a little more money to get a gate that actually works.
This gate didn\'t last more than two months with our daughter holding on to it and standing at it. The welds on the gate portion are very weak and wear out after being subjected to stress of repeated use and a child pushing on it.
I was not going to contact Amazon but since I am being asked I will comment.  Been very happy with all other purchases but this one came here with a small dent.  Still works and did not want to go through the hassle of returning
VERY DISAPPOINTED IN THIS PRODUCT. IT CLEARLY STATES OPENS UP TO 52&#34;. WHEN I RECEIVED THIS PRODUCT IT SAYS RIGHT ON THE BOX EXPANDS ONLY TO 50&#34;. I ORDERED THIS ONLY BECAUSE I NEEDED SOMETHING TO FIT MY 53&#34; OPENING. I FEEL DECEIVED AND AM VERY UNHAPPY WITH THIS PRODUCT.
I got this gate to keep my 1&2 year olds from getting into the kitchen. They stand there and shake it and it comes loose. Where the extensions hook together makes it very unstable and causes it to be able to shake loose. Not serving its purpose at all!!!!!
Please do not fall into the same trap I did! I read the bad reviews and was concerned, but was convinced by the good reviews - and the stellar price - to give it a shot. Big mistake!I\'ll state first that we bought this gate to keep our two medium-sized beagles away from the main door in and out of our apartment when we\'re coming and going.First complaint: as stated by other reviewers, this gate does NOT properly fit all sizes in its supposed size range. Our opening is 48\ wide. If I try to use both extensions, the gate is too large to fit. However, if I don\'t use the small extension, the main gate and the longer extension just barely fit the opening. With the pressure mounts extended fully, even a small amount of pressure causes the whole thing to buckle and fall over. And as anyone who owns dogs know, they have a tendency to throw their weight on anything in their way.Second complaint: when only the longer extension is used, a dangerously large opening is created on one side. A video from another reviewer of a toddler squeezing through that opening illustrates perfectly how dangerous this is. One of our beagles was able to get halfway through (leaving the possibility that she might get stuck in the gate while we\'re away). A smaller bichon frise that we were dog-sitting was able to squeeze through completely and was waiting for us on the wrong side of the gate when we got home!Third complaint: it\'s just sub-standard, through and through. The plastic parts are cheap and chip easily, and the door - the main reason I purchased this gate! - is finnicky and gets stuck if you don\'t adjust the screws JUST RIGHT.Avoid at all costs. Please do not put your children and/or pets at such unnecessary risk!
I purchased this gate to sit in the large doorway between two rooms in my home daycare in and effort to keep the toddlers out of the preschool learning centers, but still allowing the preschoolers access. It is not possible to secure this gate tightly enough to keep toddlers from shaking it down without being unable to use the walk-though doorway. I have a LOT of walk-though gates, most of which the older children can open and close on their own, allowing them access to areas the infants and toddlers are not allowed. With this gate, even I couldn\'t open the doorway, let alone a 4/5/6 year old. It is being returned.
Bought this a couple years ago for a hallway. It has to be adjusted \just so\ in order to remain both upright and operable. I was readjusting it every few days to keep it in that range. Too tight and the door wouldn\'t open, too loose and it would get knocked out of place or just completely fall over with a little pressure. I had a bench against it for awhile so it wouldn\'t fall over if it was leaned on by my toddler. After a few months I decided to just keep it adjusted too tight and stepped over it instead of bothering with the door.Generally rattly, wobbly, unstable. Definitely more of a deterrent than anything else (can\'t trust the thing, definitely wouldn\'t use it above stairs).Guests had no problem with our other gates but this one was confusing people and getting knocked out of place. I took it down when my in-laws were over and never put it back up.We have two other gates (plastic supergate, wood pressure mount gate) and we\'ve been using them for over four years with only a few (very minor) complaints.Looking back, this regalo gate was a mistake. Wouldn\'t take a free one.
This was very cheap and flimsy.  Put it up and took it right back down and returned it.  Just not stable enough.

My baby knocked it over his high chair and the cup broke and all the water spilled... 13 bucks down the drain....
Update September 4, 2012:While these cups were my favorite, the new redesign has left me very disappointed. Since my son had managed to break one of his cups (they aren\'t particularly sturdy) and his other cups were starting to leak (meaning the straws needed to be replaced), we purchased a new cup as well as a pack of replacement straws. Whereas the old ZoLi would only start to leak when the straw needed replacement, the new redesigned version leaked badly from day one (they actually leak worse than the old straws I was planning on replacing). The weighted part on the bottom of the straw has been redesigned to be squarer rather than the tapered shape of the old version (can\'t fit as nicely into the corners to get every drop of drink). The cup size itself has also been change so I now have to keep my \new cup\ separate from the old ones as the new lid does not fit the old bases (it will screw on, but it is very stiff so likely not a good idea). I have to assume the new redesign is saving them money as it did not introduce any improvements. Did I mention they LEAK? If my son leaves his drink on the table it comes up through the straw leaving a puddle all around the cup within seconds. I now not only have a new cup that leaks, but also two replacement straws that I\'m not using because the old, much-used straws don\'t leak even a fraction as badly. Hopefully ZoLi fixes the leaking issue because I now have to downgrade my rating of this product to 1/5.On an unrelated note: the cups continue to be made in Taiwan for those curious.Update: 10/11/2012I have since given up on Zoli due to the ridiculous amount of leaking. After doing some new research I have since switched toNuk Straw Active Cup Spill-proof 10oz. BPA Free 12m+ Boys Color(also available isNUK Straw Active Cup Spill Proof 10oz. Silicone Spout 12m+ Girls 1pk Butterflyfor girls) and have been very pleasantly surprised. They don\'t leak unless shaken upside down (just falling over will not cause any leaking). They are also slightly larger at 10 oz so do not need to be refilled as often. They aren\'t translucent though and so there is no way to see what or how much is inside the cups. They are easy for a toddler/child to drink from though and the best straw cup option I have managed to find so far.Original review:ZoLi BOT Sippy Cup (Green)-Consists of a lid and base (4/5)Pros:1) Smaller 6oz size makes it easier for tiny hands2) Entire cup is only two pieces: the base and the lid (which includes the straw, lid, and handles)3) Handles are great and my 1 year old automatically uses them for holding the cup4) The weighted base of the straw works incredibly well allowing the fluid to be consumed to the point where there is anywhere from  teaspoon left to as little as literally a single drop5) Straw is smaller in diameter than other straws I have seen and is VERY flexible. It has to be pinched in order to allow fluid to flow through it, but due to the flexibility of the straw this is very easily done (not necessarily a pro but it is also not a con to me so I am mentioning it here)Cons (all but the last I consider nitpicky):1) Although it may be easier for those with a dishwasher, those of us relying on the old \left and right hand\ for their washing needs will find the straw slightly inconvenient to clean as the top of the straw has to be pinched for liquid to freely flow through it2) Base of cup is not a solid flat piece but rather a base with a downward facing lip which can trap food particles, etc.3) Lid \clicks\ shut but not open so it is can easily be accidentally or otherwise moved4) Although the lid screws on securely, the thread is such that I occasionally find myself (most likely unnecessarily) removing it and twisting it back on for fear that I\'m putting it on crooked. It would be nice if the thread was a little heavier5) Have to be careful when closing the lid as you could cause the liquid to squirt. It readily settles down the straw in moments so this is nitpicking6) Relatively expensive7) Liquid may drip if dropped8) The longer I have these cups the more the milk seems to spontaneously start to come up and out the straw. Although it didn\'t happen when these were new, now when I fill these up the milk will go up the straw and out...and continue to flow until I take off the lid and release the pressure. I only use these with milk so I\'m not sure if it would be an issue with something thinner like water or juice. Fortunately, replacement straws are available and so I just have to replace them when this starts to happen.9) These cups are nowhere near as sturdy as they need to be. My son has already managed to break one by throwing it on the floor. Since he was barely 1 at the time it was not a long or hard fall.Despite the negatives this continues to be my personal favorite. It is expensive, but having a cup that my 1 year old can literally enjoy \to the last drop\ is incredible and makes it easy to ignore most of the nitpicky cons.
If I had written this review right after getting this product, I\'d be ecstatic: My daughter loved, it, you can take it everywhere, it has a lid and doesn\'t leak.Less than 2 1/2 months later, my daughter still loves it, and you can take it everywhere...but you\'ll leave a trial of water and have an empty cup when you arrive.We\'ve soaked our carpet more times than I can count now -- through a leak that is impossible to identify.  It seems that the seal between the lid and the cup has \'worn out\' - but I can\'t put the cap on tight enough.  I\'ve taken it off, and put it back on - nothing.It just leaks.  And this is our 2nd one.  (We thought the first was just faulty.  Nope.  The brand is.)We won\'t be buying this brand again.
This cup was awesome for the first few uses, but then basically turned into a milk-soaked sponge.  They leak massive amounts of milk everywhere.  No bueno!
The Zola is the most expensive sippy bottle I checked. I chose it because I thought it would deserve to expensive although somebody had said it started to leake soon. However, it really started to leake just after around one month. It became worse and I have to buy a new one for my son, and, surely with a new brand.
We loved this cup&#8230;until my 8.5 month old bit the top of the straw off and swallowed it.  She has two teeth on top and two on bottom and bit right through the straw last night.
This cup didn\'t work for my son. The straw is very narrow which makes it very slow flow with the insulated system.It is difficult for me to clean.
Milk spurts out of the straw of this cup constantly. Tightening the lid, checking the seal, having the lid be less tight, moving from our home at altitude - we have tried everything to no avail (ok not the moving one). I\'ve heard if the cup is dropped the seal is never the same again but our 13 month old drops it every night so there\'s not much we can do about that. The cup shouldn\'t be so sensitive given its target user.The one positive thing I\'ll say is that it is very easy for baby to use. You\'ll just be stuck cleaning up puddles constantly.
The cup leaks from where the top screws on. I wanted to like this cup because it is so cute, but it is unusable.
And way overpriced, but the main problem is that these spill out the sides and out the straw spout. Save your money, avoid at all costs.
At first I really liked this cup, easy for baby to use. But it leaks all the time. Really disappointing.
This sippy cup is constantly leaking. I purchased it because I thought it would not leak. We have lots of other great sippy cups that never leak.  Very disappointed!
I am sending this back because it leaks. Too bad. Love the idea and the weighted straw is cool but it\'s not worth dealing with for this price!
I am amazed that this cup gets such good ratings from anyone.  The weighted straw technology that allows a baby/toddler to drink the last drip is in several cups - not unique.  And the Zoli cup leaks like none other! The threading to screw the lid on has only 1.5 threads meaning, if you don\'t put it on perfectly straight, the entire contents will be in your tote bag or floor in seconds.  Most importantly, the straw is literally a FOUNTAIN of liquid coming out all over your table or lap if you fill the cup too high or, as someone else noted, if perhaps the liquid starts to warm, or after a child has sucked from it, wait 3 minutes, and liquid starts oozing out the straw all over everything. Don\'t EVER take the Zoli on a plane - talk about milk or water EVERYWHERE!  To me, this cup is the worst sippy cup on the market.  Hands down, if you like the weighted straw idea, get the InnoBaby cup.  It has the leaking issue out the straw too, but at least it has a pressure value that you can release to stop the leaking.
I LOVED these cups for the first month or so - I even went back and bought two more.  I thought it was really smart design and my daughter loved drinking out of them.  Unfortunately, the straw (with minor wear) starts to become like a siphon and liquid just pours out of the straw while it\'s sitting there!  Such a mess!  On top of that, the straw gets moldy where the mouth piece and bottom piece connect under the cup\'s lid and you cannot clean it away.  I called the company and they said this was possible only when the straws are too worn and that is why they carry replacement straws.  They sent me new straws and within one month the straws were moldy and siphoning.  The straws shouldn\'t need replacing EVERY month!!  Customer service did not respond after I contacted them again.  Very disappointed.
I love that this cup came with a weighted straw, so I bought one.It worked great the first time we used it.After that it started to leak all over everything.1: The straw somehow often creates a siphon that will dispense the liquids all over, even when the flip lid is down and the straw should be pinched off.2: Even if you make sure the straw is empty so that a siphon doesn\'t start it leaks from the cap somewhere. It doesn\'t matter if you screw the cap on tightly, or not so tight. I\'ve tried different amounts of tightness, it still leaks.The only way this cup doesn\'t leak is if it\'s empty. I\'m pretty disappointed in this product. Looking at reviews of other products it seems that leaking is a common issue, but the leaking from this cup seems excessive. I bought a Lasinoh mOmma cup and personally had no leaking issues, but it doesn\'t have a weighted straw.I guess it\'s a lot to ask for a weighted straw cup that doesn\'t siphon or leak?
It leaks through the straw because of the pressure. The milk goes up from the cup through the straw ALL THE TIME. You need to unscrew the cup to depressurize.
This is my very first review on Amazon... and the only reason I am writing, is because I had heard so many amazing things about this cup that we had to have it. My son loves drinking from it, but OMG... this cup overflows like crazy! If it sits untouched for more than a minute, you can expect that milk will be all over the table when you go back to it! And when placed in the refrigerator, well, that is even worst! I am not sure why our cup does that... but it definitely not worth even a penny! I am so bummed because my son actually really likes it. Oh well, off to the next cup.
LEAKS SO BADLY.Especially if you put cold milk or if you take out the cup from the fridge and leave it in the room temp, without you knowing, the pressure and temp differences makes the liquid go up the straw to leak even before you pop the straw out.It might be a great idea with this weight ball on the bottom but leak is BIG NO NO. and hard to clean. NEVER BUY OR USED AGAIN.
I didn\'t realize when I bought this that I would need a specialized straw cleaning tool, sold seperately of course. No thanks. I opened it, looked at it, realized it had this weird knobby thing on the bottom of the straw that made it impossible to clean. Quickly decided it would be a pain to deal with and immediately returned it. Waste of time!
I have stopped using this sippy. It leaks for no reason and am tired figuring out the issue everytime. If you put slightly warm milk in it, it spills out. You dont close the lid properly (well, I guess I get it wrong most of the time), it leaks. The cup has even leaked standing by itself with cold milk in the fridge. I am tired of cleaning the mess every single time. My search for spill proof, toxin proof cups continues.My daughter is 15mo old and she finishes her milk every single time in this and it is less stressful when you see the sippy finished till the last drop. Yup, simple concept that they have used for the straw and yet so brilliant. It defies gravity. My child will drink milk now only from this sippy cup. Well, that could be a drawback if you dont want to buy more.. My daughter is spoilt now because of Zoli.. haha.. I give it a double thumbs up!
Registered for this after reading reviews....seemed promising. I opened it all up, tried it & seemed to work just fine on the test run. Threw out all the packaging - its never really worked since. I\'ve tried re-synching the camera / monitor & at best if I\'m lucky I get a signal for a few seconds out of LOTS of time attempted. Good luck if you call the customer service number @ Summer Infantn- I have tried four times on various days & always on hold for 10+\'minutes. either they have a LOT of unhappy customers, or they have two employees answering phones. What new parents have time to be on hold for 15 or more mins?? Not this mom.NOT HAPPY.UPDATE: I finally just contacted Summer Infant via their website customer service (written) form. They were prompt in responding by email - and telling me that in order to improve the signal, I needed to call my internet service provider & have them walk me through how to change the channel of my wireless router, so the interference would be less. Perturbed as I was by this, I tried it. My Internet company told me that since my router was one I bought, I\'d have to look it up online & figure it out myself. I tried that too - but it looked too complicated and instead I gave up & I started searching for a new monitor system. I found what I was looking for in Motorola! I give major kudos to Amazon for letting me return the Summer Infant set w/out the box (but I had instructions and all the pieces) - they are so awesome w/ customer service!!! I got the refund right away, even before they received the monitor. I purchased a Motorola product from them that was more $$$ but seems to be working fabulously!!! I will steer clear of Summer Infant products for awhile - they have a lot of room to improve, starting w/ customer service.
I bought this camera for me and for my uncle, the two cameras doesn t work well, it keeps out of signal all the time
This monitor did not work, no signal, tried everything. Ending up sending it back because we couldn\'t get a &#34;signal&#34; from the monitor.
I got this one because I owned a summer analog monitor and was happy with it.Unfortunately after two years of use my analog monitor stop working and I need to replace it with this new unit.What a crappy system.The image quality is terrible, the older analog unit had much better image quality. I do not understand how they messed up so much.I liked the fact that you can remote control the movement of the camera, but when the image quality is so bad it becomes totally a waste.Maybe I got a defective unit, it was so bad I couldn\'t barely recognize by child in the image.On another note, Summer has terrible customer service.I called to see if they could replace my older unit since it worked so well and after two (I repeat TWO hours) waiting on the phone, I spoke with probably the rudest agent ever.Not only she couldn\'t find a solution to my problem, when I asked to speak to a manager she told me that the manager was in meetings and didn\'t know when she would be available.I asked her to connect me to her voice message and she replied \what for?\.After insisting few times I realized that this girl was not going to help me nor let me speak to a supervisor.So I gave up and hang up. I told her how dissatisfied I was with her service and Summer, and the answer was \Feel free to buy somewhere else\.... WOW, I hope this lady does not reflect how this company operates.I\'m a VP for a large company and if I hear that one of my customer rep will respond like this to a customer I will make sure this person no longer works for me, or gets seriously re-trained in how to handle customers...In the end, this will be my last purchase from SUMMER.
My baby is crying all day and this showed up right when it was nap time. BROKEN out of the box. Peice of cheap plastic crap. I hear there are lots of \lemons\ out there, and I\'ve got one. STAY AWAY.
After trying and returning a few other models, I was very pleased with this one. The video quality and audio quality was very good with no static. I did notice that it is affected by Wifi signals if it is too close to a computer or wireless router, but that is to be expected and wasn\'t a big issue.But after just 5 months it stopped working. The monitor can no longer \'find\' the camera, so we have no audio or video. Not very durable.
The battery life on this is horrible!!!!!! This is not the item I ordered, but the one that was sent. I contacted the seller the day I received it in the mail and they never contacted me back. The temp does not work right.
I have had 3 Summer Infant Baby Touch Digital Color Video Monitors within 3 years.  Each time, they would work for about 6 months and then start loosing signal. &#34;Out of Range&#34; The distance to my son\'s room is about 60 ft away from my master bedroom so perfectly within the specified range.  In order to &#34;fix&#34; the problem, you have to turn off and then on again the camera inside your child\'s room.  Inconvenient when you do not want to wake your child up repeatedly.We have called customer service many times and keep getting the run around.  When you can\'t even operate the monitor in the same room as the camera, there is a serious flaw with the signal transmission and not the distance that I keep it to monitor my son.Thankfully, we bought this from Babies R Us with a Protection Plan.  We have just called the Plan\'s 1-800 # and the send a postage paid shipping decal to send it to them directly and then they send us a check. That has worked 3 times!  I would be extremely nervous about buying this without the Protection Plan for fear of getting stuck with a nonreturnable defective monitor.Summer Infant, either redesign your whole monitor to make it more reliable or stop selling it altogether.
For the first month this monitor worked as stated and my wife and I had no issues. Then all of a sudden the monitor would lose connection with the camera after 50 feet, no where near the stated 400 feet. We even tried an unobstructed testing of the connection between the two and it was the same issue. Even though it originally worked as it was supposed to we chose to return without getting a replacement because the price point was just too high to take the chance. Instead we are going to try a different brand.
Bought this product to use in my apartment, but can\'t use at all because from baby\'s room to my room it looses the connection. It\'s only 18m far with 3 walls between, very disappointed.
Do not waste your money! 4 months after purchasing monitor it lost connection all the time. \out of range\ was on it more than not. It was the most frustrating when it happened during the night when I was sleeping and I had no idea if my baby needed me. I had to have another sound monitor as a backup. On the hunt for a new one.
This is our second summer infant baby monitor that has broken after only a few months of use.  The screen will go blank and it won\'t turn off.  The first one we purchased from Amazon we were able to return within a year because it was defective and the second one we bought from 4surpluscitystore via and they only give you a month window to return this item.  Seems like a short window for such an expensive purchase.
My brother bought this for us when we had our first baby a year and a half ago.  In the beginning it would say no signal all the time and we had to resort to all kinds of ridiculous tricks to try to get it to work, turning it on and off, moving the camera around, etc.  After a while, it started working better after it had some time to \warm up\ or something.  Then it started to work consistently until we took it on a trip and then it started to give us the no signal again for no apparent reason.  After that we bought a cheap sound only monitor for trips so that we could leave this one in place and hope that it would continue to work.  It works the majority of the time but continues to give us the no signal screen momentarily every once in a while.  We then got a second camera for our second baby.  It worked great the first month but now it starts giving us the no signal after about 15 minutes.  I have to keep turning the video on (the screen goes dark automatically when it\'s not on it\'s base, presumably to save the battery) to make sure I\'m still getting a signal.  It\'s so stressful!  My brother also bought one for our sister and she is going to return hers because it not only gives them issues with the signal but also seems to be interfering with their wireless signal as well.  It\'s so great when it works, the picture is very clear, the sound is good, it\'s user friendly, and I love how you can control the camera.  The scanning feature is great and syncing is very easy.  It\'s just unfortunate that it\'s so very unreliable.  This product has caused us no end of frustration!
We received this for a xmas (2013) present last year. It has only been in use for 3 weeks. Baby was born not even a month ago. The camera moves and zooms in by it\'s self most of the time away from the baby, the battery overheats to the point of cant even touch the monitor and now is says that it\'s out of range and shows nothing even if you are in the same room as the monitor it\'s self. This is the worst product I have used since the clapper.Their customer service will not answer the phone til you have been on hold for at least half an hour and they are completely unhelpful as they said the product was released in 2012 so it is out of manufactured warranty even though it was purchased new at the end of 2013. I am at a loss for words on how a company wont stand by their product. DO NOT BUY anything from SUMMER INFANT.
Recently I purchased the Summer Touch Infant Baby monitor after doing extensive reviews online and spending considerable time playing around with the device at a big box baby store. I was very happy with the device during the first 48 hours of ownership, the monitor met all of my expectations for ease of operation, etc. My opinion on the device quickly changed on day three of ownership when the camera would automatically pan to either the highest or lowest position without any input to the controller. This problem was easily corrected by moving the camera on the controller back to the desired position. Frustrating but something I could still live with. On day four of ownership the monitor would constantly disconnect from the camera due to \no signal\ despite the fact the controller was being held right next to the camera. This issue would only correct itself after I would power cycle the camera and the remote, after which the monitor would work for roughly five minutes before losing the signal again. The final straw came on day five of owning the device when the camera refused to move in any direction without power cycling the camera first.Save your money the device looks great on on paper but in actuality the device is a giant piece of crap!
Not sure why monitor companies make monitors that don\'t provide clear video in the dark. Isn\'t that when you need it most? Don\'t be fooled by the daylight pictures. The night vision picture quality is truly awful. Skip this
It does not work well. The camera moves by itselt, and the comand to left does not work. I had to return the product
I bought the monitor on January but I just tried to use it now, because my baby just born.I did all the procedures as instructed but the monitor does not work! The greelight shows but no picture...I contacted Summer Infant  and they informed  that they will change it but The problem is that I live in a country that they do not ship to.... and there is no assistence either :( .Probably I will loose my money on this monitor that I will never have the pleasure to use!If you live outaide of US,  I strongly recomend you to check if it is working as soon as you buy it otherwise you will loose money like me.
seriously i really wish someone had warned me about this monitor. i\'m gonna go around posting this every single place i can. i\'m not gonna talk about anything good this monitor has to offer, i\'m just going to say why no one should buy this. simply, the god damned thing doesn\'t beep or anything before it turns off. you could be asleep or busy with anything else and you wouldn\'t notice that the monitor is no longer on. i just put my son back to sleep after he had been crying forever cause he was calling me and i didn\'t hear him cause the monitor was off without warning me. and fyi it wasn\'t low on battery or anything, it just went blank. no reason. no warning.  please do not buy this product. us mothers are busy and tired and exhausted enough. you really do not need an unreliable monitor.
Actually in brief, the worst video quality cam I\'ve ever used. I was expecting it was to be like the older models but it happens to be the worst video quality cam I used with my child. It can be used as a radio not a cam !!!
Worked great for about 6 months, then the picture fuzzed out. Spent a lot to be disappointed. This is my second one and the same thing happened to both of them.
The monitor itself had an easy set up and I like that you can view multiple cameras on one device. The product worked fine for the first three months. That seems to be a trend from the reviews that I have read. However, the monitor no longer charges. I have tried to contact the Summer Company with no sucess. Ironically when you go to its website the monitor is supposedly an award winner. Regardless, I have still not heard back from the company and I would never buy a Summer Product again. Its bad enough that I have a product that does not work, but to have awful customer service just makes it worse. Would not recommend this monitor to anyone. Spend your money elsewhere.
This good looking monitor died after 3 months of occasional use.do not waste your money and buy some other brand!!
Great, until it stops charging and Motorola will do nothing to help you.  Their response was that we wouls hVe to buy it again.  Are you kidding!!! This was over $200!  I will never buy anything again from Motorola!
Monitor stopped working under warranty over 30 days ago . Customer service said they would send new one but is on backorder. Three times we have been told the same story now they will not even answer the phone. If they ever send a replacement my grandson will be grown. This is the worst service I have gotten from anyone.
This arrived with a broken piece on the back of the monitor, so that the battery unit can\'t be closed and the entire system is inoperable.
I have had this for a little over 6 months and I hate the battery life. It\'s nonexistent. I would not recommend for that reason...
We tried a lot of baby monitors and was super impressed with this model. Worked great for 8 months, then stopped working. Called warranty support on sep 19 th and emailed them a copy of the invoice moments later. It is now October and no replacement device. Called warranty support and they claim they never received the email, even though I have a confirmation from them.Long story short this baby monitor is not worth the money. Once it breaks you will be without a monitor for a long time.Check the reviews, this monitor is not holding up well.update, November 3rd. I have been sent 2 replacement refurbished monitors, neither would turn on. Waiting on a third replacement with no idea when it will arrive. Terrible customer support.
The unit worked great for three months. Then no more sound. Had to be returned (after jumping through hoops). They try very hard not to stand by their products....
Our screen broke after 3 months.  It was an accidental drop by the busy mother, and the LCD screen cracked.  So I called Motorola support.  I explained what happened.  The rep informed me that the damage wasn\'t covered under warranty.  I said I knew that would be the case and asked how to purchase a replacement handheld unit or repair the screen.She informed me that they could not do this.  Motorola doesn\'t sell replacement handheld units, they only swap units covered by warranty.  They do however sell replacement cameras.  Of course, the cameras don\'t move around much and don\'t get dropped accidentally like the handheld units do.The monitor set is about $250 (camera and handheld).  A camera by itself is about $100.  So I expected to be able to buy a replacement handheld unit for about $150.  No such luck.  If your screen becomes damaged, there is no way to fix, repair, or replace it.  The only option is to buy another complete set.Needless to say, I will be buying a new monitor, but it won\'t be a Motorola.  The unit worked fine until it broke - I\'ll give them that much credit.  However, having no replacement or repair option for the handheld unit really sucks.  I don\'t know about other parents out there, but with a toddler and a newborn, we are constantly running around with our hair on fire and dropping things.  I have no problem paying to repair or replace an item I break due to negligence.  But not giving me the option to repair or replace the broken item and telling me the only option is to buy a whole new set really irks me.  The rep actually told me to look for it on eBay (gee, thanks).Don\'t buy this item unless you are 100% sure you will never drop the handheld unit.  By the way, it fell about 2 feet from a night stand onto a carpeted surface, so I think the unit is REALLY fragile to have broken after that fall.  Buy something else, anything else.  Our old Summer Infant monitor from our first child is still working after three years and has been dropped on every type of surface from every height dozens of times.
we are constantly having troubles with getting this thing to connect. sometimes even when you hold it in direct sight of the camera, it still says \no signal.\ don\'t waste your money.
Like many others on this page who purchased this item, the sound has failed on ours just a few months after purchase. Completely unacceptable. Even worse, it fails without any warning- the monitor doesn\'t tell you anything\'s wrong, you just can\'t hear your baby crying. For a product this safety critical and this expensive it is truly shameful to have a failure of this type- its most basic function! Should be recalled.
At first, this monitor was great. The picture and sound are fine. Then, after a year of normal use, the cord broke. Sparks came out when I unplugged it from the wall where the cord is breaking off from the head. I called motorola to have a replacement cord sent, and to get one you have to submit a proof of purchase. I asked if I could purchase a cord since I don\'t have a proof of purchase after a year, and the lady said no and referred me to Amazon to find one. This is ridiculous. If your equipment is going to break after a year, at least provide an easy way for busy moms to get a replacement FAST. Do NOT buy this!
My husband and I decided to purchase this product due to its versatility and its particular combination of features. We have had to replace it 2X, and would like to replace the third and current monitor. However, Motorola has informed us that, after this last replacement, we were out of options.1st Monitor: The sound COMPLETELY FAILED on the first monitor we received. Luckily, it was still under warranty. We received a replacement.2nd Monitor: The jack for the power source in the hand-held component stopped working in the second monitor. The unit would not charge (or even hold the charger securely). I convinced Motorola to replace it again (this time past warranty) since it was the 2nd time their workmanship had failed us.3rd Monitor: Just received the replacement for the last one, and the screw thread insert for the battery door has been knocked &#34;into&#34; the unit -- just rattling around in the unit itself.CHEAP CONSTRUCTION for such an expensive monitor.
If you\'re looking for a product to monitor your baby at night and not actually be able to hear any of the cries over a loud beeping sound than this is the monitor for you. My wife and I say it\'s the sound of our son transmitting information to the mothership. It\'s a steady beep beep beep, pretty rapidly all the time, you can hear it on the lowest setting... at this point even when I am not home and around the monitor all I hear is the beeping sound!  If you try to turn it up to hear what he\'s doing all the lights go red and you hear nothing but beeping.The monitor was great to begin with, but as time passed this faint beeping sound got louder and louder, not only 4 months later the monitor is almost unsuable! that\'s an expensive product to use for 4 months and not leaves us without an easy way to check on the babyAt this point we don\'t have so much time to be able to spend endless time on the phone with motorola in hopes that they will eventually replace it and in the meantime leave us with nothing.If that was the only problem I would say this is still an awesome product because it seems like we are one of the few to have this problem, but NO on top of that the stupid battery lasts less than a day, and that\'s only using it for naps, and the start of the night... somehow every night without fail it begins its very loud low battery beeping... then again during the day we have to charge it. Forget leaving this thing with your neighbors unless you bring them the charge cord... it\'s gotten to the point now where we just have to always leave it somewhere plugged in, and hear a constant beeping that sounds like the emergency broadcast system.UPDATE:  eventually the sounds quit entirely... then a few weeks later the video has gone out too.. this is just crazy for this expensive of a product to fall apart like this.... buy a different one.
Out of the box this is a great monitor.  Great picture and sound at the beginning.  We had our first monitor for 1 month and it stop receiving sound.  We\'ve had our 2nd monitor now for less then a month and it has no stop receiving sound.  Still has picture but no sound whatsoever.  Really disappointed.
We purchased this unit right when it came out with much anticipation.  Of all of the monitors that we reviewed it came the closest to having all the features we were after.  Like many noted it is lacking a voice activation feature (VOX) which is VERY important to enable you to keep the volume loud when your baby is making noise, but not have that constant white noise hissing in the background all the time.Unfortunately you get that with this model if you turn the volume up beyond the lowest level.  Fortunately for us our daughter has very strong lungs and we can usually hear her regardless of the monitor volume.  So we primarily use this monitor for its video features.I was VERY impressed by the video quality at both day and night.  Very crisp and detailed.  However, after a few months of use I noticed that the night vision started to degrade, I used to be able to easily see across the entire room easily and with great detail.  But now I strain to get a detailed picture of objects at night that are more than about 2-3 feet away.At first I thought it was my mind playing tricks on me, but then I read other reviews and multiple users are complaining of the same issue.  I also have a second camera and compared the night vision camera on that one to the original one that came with the unit.  It became VERY obvious once I did that, my second camera easily lights up the entire room with its IR lights and I can see across the room with no problem at night.  However, the first unit looks as if most of its IR lights have burned out, and its only able to illuminate a couple feet of space.BOTTOM LINE: If you bought one of the first units off their line, they had a few quality issues, and you should check to see if your night vision has degraded over time. If so, get a replacement!
Sound is pretty important for a baby monitor. Owned 11 months, used for &#60; 6 months. Sound no longer working
We were so pleased when we got this monitor as a gift for our baby last spring. We know that this is expensive monitor, so we were thrilled that we were gifted with it.  It set up with ease and we loved how great it worked for us. We were extremely disappointed when all of a sudden the other night, the display screen would not turn on. I have tried removing the battery, as customer service suggested, but that did not work.  That being said, I called back, and was told that I need to provide a receipt in order for them to help me with my problem. The problem is that I don\'t have a receipt since this was a gift.  It was not off of a registry and the person who gave it to us has since passed-away.  I explained this, but was told that the only way the warranty is valid is if I can provide a receipt.  I am unable to do that, so I was told that I would have to purchase a new monitor.  I was a bit shocked that customer service wasn\'t willing to try to get their product working.  With customer service like this, I will NEVER buy another Motorola product, and I will make sure that all of my mom friends know my story.  We now have a very expensive monitor that doesn\'t work and that no-one is willing to help us get fixed.
Really, Really Disappointed.Bought this problem 1/2012.  Worked great - was happy with the video quality, range, etc.  The battery has been starting to discharge quickly - will no longer last through a nap.  So - you have to keep it plugged in all the time, which is annoying, but livable.However - on/off button just broke.  And - a friend of mine who I had recommended this to - the sound stopped working.My friend called Moto - and they did not seem surprised, sent out a new one - it was still under the year warranty.However for me - since it was passed 1 year, the cust service would not do anything.  After expressing to them that I paid up for this expensive model, only to get poor quality in return, was put on hold while the rep \talked to a supervisor\  or more probably \got a cup of coffee\  there was again nothing they could do.All I can do is share the poor quality with others in the hope you will find a quality product to buy.
We used this product for just over a year when the warranty came to an end. By then, the battery had to be charged every couple of hours. A few months later, the battery died entirely. We replaced the battery but then the power cord failed. So we started looking for a replacement. It turns out that the power cord is a nonstandard size so you can\'t replace it. Motorola will replace the power cord at no charge if it fails while the device is still on warranty, but they will not sell the cord separately. For over $200.00, you should get a power cord that lasts. Or at the very least, you should be able to replace a broken one. Basically, this is a disposable product. If I had known that, I wouldn\'t have purchased it.
I purchased the Motorola MBP36 baby monitor just before our son was born.  The unit worked fine for the first year, but then the camera would pan whenever you would hit a button (any button) on the controller.  I spoke with Motorola\'s service department who talked me through resetting the unit, but they ultimately agreed to replace the unit.  One year later and now the sound doesn\'t work on the new monitor.  This time the service department said I was out of the one year warranty period and would no longer replace it.I\'ve had two MPB36 monitors and both failed within one year.  Definitely not worth $250!  I strongly recommend you consider other manufacturers because Motorola\'s product is not reliable!
I really liked this monitor until the night vision went out after 14 months. It became useless! I called Motorola and was told by a very unsympathetic customer service agent that the warranty only is good for 12 months!  I\'m disgusted.  What a huge waste of a lot of money!!!
This things just stopped working. I called the manufacturer and they only cover 1 year.  It cost me $229.00 and it didn\'t even last until my baby was 18 months old.Update: Motorola decided that it should have lasted longer than 17 months and they sent me a new one.
I purchased this monitor last year, it was the best monitor i could find. However, it only lasted a few months without problems. I few months into using the monitor, it started having trouble when i tried to turn it on. After less than a year of use, i am not able to turn it on anymore. Buy another brand, don\'t waist your money like i did.
I purchased this monitor in the fall of 2012 based on the (mostly) excellent customer feedback I read on Amazon as well as the good word spread via my friends. Unfortunately, I think we received a defective monitor. It worked very well for the first few weeks, but slowly over the past month the range on the monitor has diminished to the point where I cannot take it more than about 20 feet away from the baby\'s room (where the camera is located) without losing signal. I cannot use the monitor anymore in most parts of my house despite repeated efforts to try finding a signal in different spots, and my house is only 1300 square feet! In fact, the baby\'s room is right next to mine and half the time the monitor can\'t even find signal on my nightstand, which is where I really need to keep it at night. It\'s so disappointing, especially when a product is this highly regarded and this expensive. I won\'t be buying motorola again.
After having Infant Summer for 3 years we decided to get something more advanced and spend some more money.Worked just for first month, then died.Video quality during night time is poor. Audio is poor. Compare to old summer infant system.I did expect more from this camera. Do not buy!!!Just got Infant Optics and it is much better.
I purchased this video monitor after going through 2 lorex monitors in 3 years.  I read good thing about it and was really in love with it till the parent hand held screen went 4 months into the purchase. I would NOT purchase this product again and will avoid Motorola products all together.  We did buy the one year warranty and are hoping they will replace this one.
I have this item for only about 2 months and I dropped it only once.  It broke after I dropped it only once.  I do not recommend at all if you have toddlers or happen to be tired from being up with a newborn and are a little clumsier than usual.  I also called Motorola and they refused to fix it or give me a replacement unit even if I was going to pay for it.  Do not buy this!
I used this motorola baby monitor after less than 45 days, it stopped working on the parent unit.  It started with I could not turn it off and after two days, I could not turn it on either.  The parent unit stopping working less than 45 days.  Come on....This is is not a cheap price product. I believe it is most expensive product in the market. obviously the price is not equal to the quality.  I bought it from Baby R US.  I had to exchange it for another new one.  Thank god, it got completely broken before the 45 days, so I can do exchange with Baby R US, otherwise, I have to deal with the motorola customer service and I have to send the product to the motorola company on my own cost.  After the exchange, I had to pay an extra about $35 for the extended product protection for about 15 months.  I paid a total about $350 just for this high price cheap quality product.  By the way, this is the product can not be return to the store, exchange only under 45 days with receipt because it is eletronic product. Look out what you get.
When the unit is functional it is awesome. The ability to communicate, pan, trigger music and so on were incredibly useful. The unit has alarms to let you know if it\'s out of range or if the camera because unplugged. However, the sound began to cut out on our unit. I learned this when I noticed the sound indicator lights were triggering but the unit was silent. I found my son screaming in his room. I have to rate this product as a 1 star because there\'s not circumstances under which this is okay. If you rely on the audio of the unit, it has to be infallible, otherwise its utility is compromised and your baby is at risk.We\'re about 6 months out of warranty. I loved this product while it worked but the chance that the audio might go out makes it a dangerous product. There\'s this tiny chance that your child might need something or be in danger at the time that the audio cuts out. There\'s no room for that time of chance in a product designed for children.If the reliability of the audio was corrected, this would be a five star product. As it stands, we won\'t purchase it again or recommend it.
I gifted this to a friend. It worked well for all of 1 day, and completely stopped working after that. They have since bought a simple one (unknown brand) which is working just fine. Amazon was amazing and gave me the refund even though my friends had thrown away all the packaging. I returned it in a sandwich / freezer bag.
Thinking back, this was the most expensive item we purchased for our baby. More than the crib, more than the stroller, etc. It did not last for even the first year and a half!Things that didn\'t last:- The battery. Now needs to be plugged in- The on/off button. Got stuck permanently on, so had to keep it plugged in and on 24/7- The cord. No longer works because it frayed where the plug connects to the cord which essentially rendered the monitor useless because it needs to be plugged in all the time due to above issues.Here\'s where it gets fun. I called Motorola and they said they would only replace it if it was purchased within the year. So again - this is the most expensive thing we purchased for our child and they only stand behind it for ONE YEAR. So I asked for an authorized repair shop in my area and they said they don\'t do repairs only replacements. I\'m astounded.When it was working, we LOVED this monitor. I honestly don\'t know how my baby is going to sleep without the lullabies he has grown accustomed to that we play from the monitor. I expected this purchase to last not only for this baby, but for my future children as well and that\'s just not the case. I\'m so disappointed.
I bought this product because it got really good reviews, but as I used it, I became more and more irritated with it.  I\'ve even tried to trade it with a couple of mom friends of mine and they wouldn\'t trade.  There are two main issues I have with this unit.  1: You CANNOT turn off the volume. My baby cries a lot when you put her in the crib, and it takes about an hour before she falls asleep on her own.  This is why we bought the video monitor so we could make sure she wasn\'t in any trouble, ensure she was only crying to be held.  I find I have to turn the whole monitor off and then on again when I want to check on her.  Very annoying and defeats the purpose of the whole unit! 2: The night vision really stinks.  We do not use a night  light in our babies room, so the night vision on the camera is virtually worthless.  I can\'t see a thing on the monitor. So yeah...piece of $300 junk! I can\'t take it back because we\'ve had it for so long.  But, on the bright side, it tells me the tempature in my babies room, which really doesn\'t mean a whole lot when I have a heating system that regulates the tempature in each room. I will try to sell this and buy another monitor.As far as day time visuals go, the monitor is very clear and you can see very well.  That\'s about all I can say good about this product. Who makes a baby monitor where you can\'t turn off the volume?
Bought this product at best buy , Monitor went completely black after 2 months of regular use.I would look for another baby monitor that doesn\'t have this issue. If you read the reviews this is a common problem.When you spend over $250 for a product you expect to have a quality a product. Motorola should figure this problem out and fix it.I returned the motorola baby monitor back to Best Buy
Works well only for one year after that the monitor died. Motorola this kind of product should be useful for at least three years no less.
We bought this monitor when our son was born last year. After a few months we kept losing signals and it has got worst over time. I wouldn\'t recommend this monitor to some one who wants to watch their pets on it, let alone a child.
We have gone through 2 of these in less than a year. They work fine, and then the sound just stops working. It doesn\'t come back. We have visual, no audio. Happened with both monitors after about 6 months of use each. I would not get another one. Amazon exchanged our first one, and will not return/exchange the second. I have seen online that many people have experienced this same problem. We have some old bulky Summer Infant monitors that are like 5 years old that are way more reliable.
Since I work from home, I needed a monitor that didn\'t interfere with our WIFI. So, I bought this monitor. It worked great. And, then the night vision started getting fuzzier and fuzzier until I couldn\'t see my son anymore. Motorola was great. They sent us a new monitor,but what was once a clear picture a month ago is now looking grainy again. I don\'t know what is causing it. I am not pleased, and I don\'t want a new one from Motorola. I just need to buy a different one.
Item was bought was a present for a friends baby shower.  The monitor part did not work. Trying to get it replaced.
I has bought this item and after 4 months I get video in the parent unit but no audio. I\'m trying to contact Motorola without success.
I purchased this product back in February and have only had the chance to use it 2 weeks (one week babysitting a friend\'s baby and one week with my newborn baby, born 4 weeks ago) and it broke after 2 weeks of use.  The power no longer powers on or off anymore (regardless of resetting, a fully charged battery, or being plugged in). Motorola asks to &#34;not return this product to the store&#34;; and instead, to first contact them directly for help.  I\'m here to warn you: DO NOT FALL FOR THIS TRAP.  If you have problems with your product, you\'re better off returning the product directly to the store you bought from.  I\'ve been waiting 3 weeks now for a replacement product Motorola said would take 3-5 days for processing and 3-5 days for shipment and I have yet to receive anything.  I contacted them after no replacement and asked about the status of my case. All they could say was that the product was backordered.  When asked they also told me that they do not notify customers when they ship the product and cannot give status updates.  Now I can\'t seem to get ahold of anyone from Motorola at all.  The person who originally immediately responded to my e-mail that I sent my store receipt to, for some reason is not responding back at all to my status inquiries.  I\'m very upset, having spent $190 and only being able to use this product for 2 weeks!!  My baby isn\'t getting any younger, we\'ve had to go completely without a baby monitor for way longer than is called for, and this company doesn\'t seem to care one bit!  I can only hope that this post will help prevent someone else form having to go through what we\'ve gone through.
UPDATE.....my review below was the original - but, don\'t buy this monitor!  I have had it now for about 4 months and sound just failed.  I can see baby, but hear nothing.  This is very scary since my little one has severe reflux and uses a breathing monitor.  What if his breathing alarm had gone off and I didn\'t hear it!?!?!  I am going to try to get Motorola to replace this, but honestly I just don\'t know if I can trust the replacement.  SO DISAPPOINTED!!!!!Original: I waited until my 3rd little one to finally break down and get a video monitor.  I did plenty of research and chose this Motorola MBP33.  It\'s great!  The picture is clear in day or night, and I love that I can talk to my toddler through the camera in her room.  I bought the additional camera so I can have one in each of the kids rooms.  I can toggle back and forth or set it to scan and toggle automatically every 5 seconds or so.  Now I can keep a close eye on the baby and make sure the two big kids are behaving in their room.  Totally recommend.....don\'t wait until baby #3 like I did.
I purchased my monitor at the beginning of June.  It stopped working by the end of the month.  The video part still works but there is no sound just like some of the other reviews.
I bought this monitor in 2011 after much research I loved it at first . After about 4 months the buttons stopped working so I called Motorola and filed a claim - several weeks went by and I didn\'t receive anything. I had to call them and they told me they were out and were waiting for an order to come in. Finally I received the monitor and it worked fine for about 6 months then I starting noticing that it was hard to see my baby at night in the monitor and I thought it was because I took some night lights out of the room so I added some night lights and kept trying different things finally I decide to call customer service about it. Well seem the night vision went out and they will not replace it for me. They claim that the warranty is only a year and it starts with the purchase date of the original monitor and it does not matter that they sent me a new one which should still be under a year warranty from the date they sent it to me. Don\'t waste your money - they have horrible warranty policies and customer service. I will never buy anything Motorola again!!!
We purchased this product through Amazon. About 10 days after we began using it, the handheld unit would not hold a charge or show an image.
the screen dies after a year and the replacement battery does not work. the summer best view is still the best monitor in my opinion.  I had that one before.
This monitor is terrible! After about 6 months it started to make this high pitched noise. Then the power cord broke and we bought a replacement online which we hardly works (this also happened to my sister who has the same one). The most recent issues is no sound! So angry we bought this one and cannot believe the other reviews online which has made be question the validity of the reviews!
I bought this monitor and it just stopped working out of no where it was never dropped or barley even moved. I had it for 6 months. My sister bought the same one and she dropped it once on carpet and the screen cracked. The entire monitor stopped working visual and sound. Its a piece of garbage we do not recommenced. I bought a cheap one for my first child but it was sound only and it still works after 5 years.
We registered for this product and got it as a gift.  Within 5 months we had to return it because the battery would no longer charge.  They do not make a replacement battery for this product.  It was under warranty, so Motorola did replace the entire monitor system.  Now, at 11 months, it will only charge if you rig the cord with tape.  It seems like there is a bad connection within the monitor.  They are replacing it again, but this product does not last.  You shouldn\'t have to replace it twice in one year!
After only a year of use, the battery and charger stopped working and customer service was completely useless in helping us - there were simply no options to replace the monitor only or to repair the monitor. There are so many other less expensive and better options. Don\'t waste your money on this.
I will be returning this monitor...it does not live up to the reviews!  The picture of my little one is so blurry-unless the camera is right on top of him you can\'t even tell if he is in the bed!  The picture is crystal clear during the day, but the night is just terrible.The sound does not adjust very low so every little peep sounds like a megaphone in the middle of the night!Such a bummer. I really wanted to like this monitor.
Having just gotten off of the phone with Motorola customer service, I felt compelled to come leave a review of this product. We originally purchased in August of 2012, and by March of 2013 the sound went out on the parent unit. We were still under warranty, so they sent us a whole new set (monitor and camera).Well yesterday the connector inside the parent unit that the power cord plugs into broke, leaving us without the ability to recharge the unit. Motorola customer service informs me that the one year warranty we were initially covered under is from the original purchase date and that we are no longer covered. This is not great, but it\'s not a huge deal, and so I ask if I could just purchase a replacement parent unit. Nope, they do not sell just the parent unit by itself, I would have to repurchase the whole system. This is ludicrous to me! I\'m not spending another almost $200 when all I need is one piece of the system.I am extremely disappointed in the short life of this monitor and Motorola\'s completely unhelpful policies.
At first I loved the baby monitor (MBP 34 - similar to 33). It allowed me to see sleeping baby in very very dark room. However, after ten days the video no longer reliably works. The screen goes so dark you cannot see baby at all for a few hours, then the image inexplicably pops up again. It looks like the camera\'s night and day modes don\'t get triggered properly at day/night transitions. Anyway, I\'m now in the process of contacting Motorola, but my hopes about good customer service are pretty low given other reviewers\' comments. Will update this review, but given what we paid for this camera I am already really really mad.---Motorola would exchange it but that would take 2 weeks. I just returned it to the store where we bought it, and bought a Summer Infant instead. Hopefully that will work.---OMG the Summer infant is WAAAAY superior. Image is crystal clear compared to the Motorola.
We were so pleased when we received this monitor. It arrived quickly, very easy to set up, and we loved all the extra features. For the price it, just couldn\'t be beaten. We have had it for five months now with no problems, then all of a sudden the display wont come on. So now what we are left with is a very expensive sound only monitor. We have tried removing the battery and everything else we can think of. To top it off we currently live overseas, so contacting the support center is a bit difficult. Maybe I will have some luck trying to get in touch with the Customer Service department later this evening, if so I will update my review.UPDATE:After speaking with the Motorola customer service department, I am very unhappy. When we purchased the product, the manual stated it had a one year warranty. Today I was informed that this is void because we live oversea, where my husband is serving in the US Navy. We live on an American base and only use American outlets. No where in the warranty no does it state that it is not valid outside of the US. I am very upset that we have wasted almost $200 9on a product that only lasted five months. Not to mention the fact that the CS Reps were rude and seemed like I just wasn\'t their problem. We definitely will not be buying ANYTHING Motorola EVER again.
It killed our wifi signal then lost it\'s pairing with the camera.
I brought this product and I hate it!!! I get no signal and I\'m only in the next room I have wifi connection so it seems to interfer with the signal.. I added it to my baby shower registry because of the good reviews people seem to like it but it does not work for me.
I bought this so I could watch my grandson without going in his room over and over.  It does function well but the description says it will not interfere with other wirelss devices.  Well I hate to say it but that is just not true.  My home wifi doesn\'t work well when the transmitter is on.  We have to turn it off when we want to use our wifi...If you can get over this little problem then it works great.  I am on the hunt for a replacement model....
Spend a little more and get a better one or simply stick with an audio only monitor, as that is basically what you are getting with this one. There is no night vision, I could not even make out a blob for my daughters bed, The audio was acceptable but not great. We were gifted a Samsung monitor for our son and it is flawless. I went in search of a monitor for our daughter, who is 6, after we moved into a home where our bedrooms are 2 floors apart. It offered her a little more security. We ended up with the levana for her and while it does not compare to the samsung, it gets the job done for $80 less. The Infant Optics needs massive improvements.
Pros: Picture is good enoughMajor Con: when we tested it by talking in the room standing right beside the monitor the sound cut in and out as if it had a threshold that it wouldn\'t turn on unless it was reached. Our son\'s room is on a different level in our home and he often doesn\'t cry rather just calls &#34;Mommy&#34; if he has a bad dream. There is NO WAY this monitor would detect his voice and keep the sound input on long enough to wake me and I am a very light sleeper. Please do not take a chance on this low priced monitor like I did.
When this camera is on, wifi is sluggish and times out all the time. They must use same wireless signal as wifi. As soon as you turn this device off, internet speed come to normal.
I bought this to watch my newborn puppies at night,  the picture quality was not good at all andweather it was broken, I am not sure, but the volumn did not work.
HORRIBLE DON\'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY. TO MANY BAD THINGS TO LIST ABOUT THIS ACTUAL DEVICE.......WHITE NOISE IS LOUD THE OBNOXIOUS BEEPING THAT IT WAS ALWAYS OUT OF RANGE FROM THE NEXT ROOM OVER. THE BEEPING NOISE IT PUT OUT TO LET YOU KNOW IT WAS GOING TO TURN OFF WOULD WAKE YOUR SLEEPING BABY....
This was my original post-----> \I really like this monitor, but the only complaint I have is that it interferes with my wireless internet. We can not use the internet and this monitor at the same time. It does feel somewhat cheap because of the plastic, but with this price- it is unbeatable.\After using this monitor for one month, it fell off the table. The antenna instantly snapped off, and there was no way of putting it back on. We can no longer use the monitor, and we cannot send it back. The monitor is extremely cheaply made, and I thought it would be fine, that was until it dropped three feet. I would just bite the bullet, and buy a monitor worth using that is not so cheaply made. You get what you pay for, and you aren\'t paying for much with this monitor.
Baby is due Dec 1 2013, so it has not been opened or used yet, that\'s why I rated it with 1 star. After its used, I\'ll re-rate it. I feel sure it will be good
The range is terrible. Won\'t reach to bottom of steps from the top of steps. Not happy with this product.
I purchased this monitor for my newborn daughter after reading the reviews and liked it at first even though it feels a little cheap but the price was right. I did not like that at night the receiver was so bright and there is no way to turn the screen off. After a month of use it stopped getting reception from her bedroom to ours so we had to move the monitor and after another week the volume button broke and would automatically just turn all the way down so there was no sound and at 2 months of use the camera completely stopped working. Very disappointed.
I needed to replace my two year old son\'s Motorola monitor when it conked out.  His original Summer monitor is being used for his little brother. There are two really bright lights on this monitor, the night vision and the power light, that made this monitor unusable for us.  Even when I tried to hide the power cord it was simply too bright and bothered my son. As I wrote in the beginning this is the third baby monitor I have owned so I know the lights on this one are excessively bright.  I just thought others should know.**Update-After using duct tape to cover the lights, and making the monitor audio only, we put it in my son\'s room.  Around the same time we started having sporadic Wifi issues.  It was maddening since everything was OK with our provider and our connection.  Long story short, after several months of this, my husband figured out it was the monitor with a 2400mz frequency.  Could this monitor get any more useless?  Please don\'t waste your money on this one**
I assume by everyone else\'s reviews I got a lemon, but both sound and night vision did not work with my monitor. I called Infant Optics\' customer support, and they were accommodating and were willing to process a return for me - but could not generate a free shipping return label like Amazon could if I returned it through them. I considered reordering this product again, but instead am going with the Motorola MBP33 Wireless Video Baby Monitor which seems to have consistently high ratings.
I don\'t know why all these reviews go on and on about picture quality... it is TERRIBLE. And that\'s before you try night vision. Night vision for me is nothing but darkness with an occasional blob of slightly gray blocks moving. I thought it might be because the camera was too far away from the child in the crib but I was wrong... I put the camera directly on the edge of the crib ... still worthless and identical in quality.I\'ve never been let down by amazon reviews so much before, I\'m baffled by this one.
Bought the first and the camera only lasted a few days, stopped working not even turned on, Amazon inmediatly send me another one and this time the camera did not turned on from the begining. I really do not recomend this product, if you want to waste your money go ahead and buy it.
The portion of the monitor that goes in baby\'s room will not turn back on by itself after power outage. Unfortunately, we have frequent power glitches due to weather and power will go out for a few seconds.I expected the video monitor to automatically turn back on when the power does, but this is not the case and of course it just happened while my kid is sick and taking a nap on the second floor :(
I wouldn\'t have cared if the monitor displayed blank. But it continued displaying the image while the video was trapped, just don\'t know how long has it been. The whole purpose of the device is defeated.
Piece of garbage.  From day one, the signal would be interrupted from time to time when the receiver was more than about 25 feet from the camera.  The loud beeping to tell us that it was &#34;out of range&#34; was not much appreciated in the middle of the night.  Now, after 4 months, the battery is completely dead and will not recharge, so this can only be used while plugged in.  It is now in the dumpster, and I have had to get a new one (not an Infant Optics, obviously).
Very cheap feeling.  Lost signal all the time, 1 room over. Returned it.  Thank you amazon for your great return policy.
I am shocked at how many good reviews there are.  I even tried to go through the good reviews to make sure I\'m not missing something in terms of adjustments, but that does not appear to be the case.  We have a Summer Baby montior, and it is infinitely better, so this truly is just a poor product versus competitors.Here are the issues:1) There is a ring of red lights around the camera.  We had the camera installed over the crib, which meant my son just kept on staring at it.2) The video quality at night is poor.  Not a deal killer, but compared to the Summer monitor, definitely unacceptable.3) The sound is TERRIBLE.  If we had the sound turned over 3 bars, a buzz starts going on and off, on and off.  I\'d be okay if it\'s just a constant buzz like white noisy, but it\'s sporatic, making it impossible for us to sleep.  There\'s a humidifier in the baby\'s room, so maybe that\'s causing the monitor to go nuts, but whatever it is, it\'s very annoying.4) The deal killer: for all the annoy sound problems we had, I was still too lazy to return the product.  However, a week ago, my son started coughing up a storm in the middle of the night.  BUT THE MONITOR HAD GONE INTO NIGHT MODE AND DIDN\'T WAKE UP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  We only heard the cough through the walls.  By this time, he had coughed for so long he was chocking and throwning up in the crib.  We immediately took him to the emergency room.THIS PIECE OF JUNK IS GOING BACK TO AMAZON.  DO NOT BUY!
Horrible, looking back id spend the extra 100$ for the summer infant which was amazing but we lost the camera and were too cheap to pay 200$ again...  In this case u don\'t get your money\'s worth, it really should cost 50$ Or even less, and then maybe id say it was worth the price...
When we bought it it worked great but after only one month it only works while plugged in.  So lame!
It broke in 2 weeks after I started to use it. The monitor is out of order. Sad purchase and waste of money.
I normally don\'t write reviews unless I really like or dislike something. I liked this monitor at first. It was basic and did the job at a decent price. The color is not as crisp and clear as they portray it to be. My daughter looks a little fuzzy on the screen and certain colors like black look pink or purple. If you want good quality and something that will stick around for a long time, this is not that product. Next time I\'ll invest in something a little more expensive that will last. Less than 1 year later and it is now crapping out on me. It\'ll be working properly and then all of a sudden the screen goes black. I have to turn it off and then turn it back on and then 10 minutes later it does it again. Not pleased with this. Even at $100 I expected better than this. Don\'t waste your money.
Battery didn\'t even last longer than 10 minutes. I charge it as the directions said but when I unplug it it die about 10 minutes after. Also one of the charger was already broken as soon as we open the box. I sent it back after I keep trying to make it work for about 2 weeks, I would say. DON\'T BUY IT. Sorry for the business that made these monitor. I know they still make money, but they would make more if they really care about customers and really knows what they\'re doing before put it out on the market.
Shortly after we bought this baby monitor, it stopped working properly.  Not good quality and would not recommend at all.
i bougth a Infant Optics DXR-5 and  presented problems with the audio.Good image but no sound. I contact the manufacturer about this problem and their service was not at all satisfactory. Did not fulfill the specifications of the product quality offered. Poor choice, i can\'t not use the product and loss my money
The one thing I did like about this monitor is that although the picture isn\'t as good as the $200+ monitors, it was good enough to where I could see my son breathing.I did not like how it went out of coverage and made such a large beep when I was only a room away. In addition, positioning the monitor itself so you can see your child is very tricky. Lastly, the video no longer works and my son is only 5 months old.I do not recommend this.
I had a Summer\'s Infant monitor that I loved and after 2+ years, I dropped it and didn\'t want to spend a fortune to replace it. I found this monitor and was impressed by all the great reviews in addition to the low price. BIGGEST WASTE! This is a terrible monitor. I live in a NYC apartment and I lose the signal in the next room over so if you actually have a house or space, this won\'t work for you. It beeps and wakes me in the middle of the night because it loses the signal. The battery life is terrible. Overall, save your money and buy a brand you can trust - Motorola or Summer\'s Infant for a monitor.
I was super excited to find a video monitior for this price but now i know the reason!!!! it started out great although the other reviews are true no matter how much light u have the video usually goes to black and white! however thats not the bad part after using it less than a month the things monitor has already broken!!! even only paying a hundred bucks it lasting jsut a month is a complete rip off!! spend the extra money and get one that will work
Maybe I am doing something wrong but the sound goes out after about 5 seconds.  And we are only in the other room which is less than 15 feet away.
Night vision stopped working in its second day of use.  Useless monitor since that is the main reason it was purchased.
The actual camera and monitor/screen work ok but it doesn\'t have good reception and it\'s not durable...at all. Baby got a hold of it and snapped gray antenna off in about 2 seconds. Still worked ok until it fell of the coffee table and the antenna underneath the gray one broke and now it\'s worthless. For nearly $100 I expected better reception and to be able to survive 2 seconds in the hands of a baby and fall from a coffee table to carpet.
We got this for Christmas 2012.  The picture has always been very difficult to see but we felt like it was enough to get what we needed from it.  I guess we worked that\'s what you get for $100.  Well, the volume started to randomly cut in and out recently.  And, as of last night, it went even charge or turn on!  The charge light comes in for about one minute and then randomly cuts off,  The monitor will not turn on at all.  This unit has been used, gently, for 9.5 months.  This is very disappointing.  Clearly, we now have to buy a new unit from another manufacturer.
Bought this based on the price and number of positive reviews. Functionality is pretty straight forward and we really liked the unit initially. My son is now 6 months old and each night it\'s become an increasingly ridiculous joke trying to get the monitor to connect to the camera. My wife and I will toss the unit back and forth, each restarting and shutting the monitor off hoping it will connect this time.I\'ve shut down all electronics, wireless routers, and any potential items of interference and the unit still experiences the same problem. There\'s no rhyme or reason with how it connects either. You can be literally holding it next to the camera and it won\'t connect or across the house in the basement and it will. At this point we\'ll be buying another unit to replace it before I throw this one against the wall in frustration.
If you buy it, make sure you take it out of the box immediately and use it for a few days (pre-baby) to make sure it works.  The company will only take it back for 30 days (and time flies once the baby arrives).I bought this a week before the baby was born, when I opened it 2 weeks later I realized all the problems that it had.  I used it for 5 days when the display started flipping and freezing.The frozen picture is really a problem because you think you are watching baby nap, but you only see the frozen picture.  Its scary to think you are watching baby sleep safely, only to find that baby has wiggled to a new place in the crib.  This has potential to be quite dangerous!I called the customer service/ tech support number and was hung up on repeatedly.  I left 3 messages over 3 weeks time and never got a return call.  I finally emailed and they said it was too late to return it for a full refund.  I got a partial refund (minus the cost for me to ship the unit back) and bought a different monitor.The audio is the only thing that worked consistently, $100 is a lot to spend for an audio only monitor.
I bought this in January. I was unimpressed from the start with how the monitor felt it would fall apart in my hands. By June the monitor wouldn\'t hold a charge any longer  which makes the whole thing useless. I would return it but there is a 30 day return policy. WASTE OF MONEY!!
Video feed locked up within 8 hours of general use.  While standing in the doorway of our sons nursery the display showed our son sound asleep even though he was actually standing in his bed.  Screen never turned off during VOX mode.  Returned after 10 hours of use.
Camera doesn\'t work after 2 days , very upset :-/ want my money back , would not recommend this product , save your money
Below is original review.  Updated review as follows:  This picture is the worst I have seen and gets worse over time. Camera image is very small on screen and if further than 3-4\' away from crib it is hard to see baby.  Battery is already failing to hold charge and only used 1 year. The other one we have is a Summer product and works far better than this one ever did.Original - The picture quality is not very good if the monitor is across the room from the crib.  However, it is a good picture if it is directly over the crib.  The standard Summer Infant monitor I bought 4 years ago has a much better picture.  I would l prefer move levels for sound.  It is either loud or you can\'t hear it.
I have used the Levana and Lorix monitors and by far this has to be the worst monitor on the market. You definitely get what you pay for. I used this ONE night and I absolutely hated it. The picture is so grainy that during the night you can barely make out the outline of your baby let alone if they are awake or asleep. The daytime is no better.I have twin daughters who share a room together so it is very important for me to get to one crying baby before she wakes up the other. Well, not only could I not make out my daughter on the screen  while she was moving around but even with the volume turned all the way up I could barely hear her crying with my tv on.Overall, this monitor is made of cheap plastic and is not very durable. I would however, not let the quality concern me if the picture was good.I decided to send it back and upgrade to the Motorola. Sometimes I guess it\'s better to shell out a little more for a better product.
Pros:1.  The cost2.  Very lightweight3.  Very thin handheld unit4.  The picture quality during the daytime is excellent5.  Very simple to useCons:1.  The night vision does not work.  We had an Angel Care monitor previous to this that displayed the night vision perfectly.  This monitor does not work in the dark.  Do not buy it if you rely heavily on the night function.2.  Build quality is cheap.  You get what you pay for so not a lot to complain about hear.3. The camera is difficult to mount on the wall.  It could really use a slot to be mounted on a tripod.4.  The VOX feature does not work.  I was in our child\'s room talking loudly for over 5 minutes and the infrared never turned on and the monitor never turned on.Conclusion:Based on the night vision non function and the VOX non function I will be returning this unit.  Only had it for one day and it is not acceptable in my terms for a baby monitor.  I question all the 5 star reviews after receiving this unit. I would bet that many of those were generated by people who have never used this product.
Zero stars! It\'s like a cheap plastic toy and the picture quality is terrible. It\'s not worth $10 never mind the $100 I paid! Returning it ASAP!
This was a highly researched purchase, and I was swayed by a video review by a verified Amazon customer on these pages.  The joke is on me.  We are boxing this up to return it after multiple time-consuming disappointments.  Here\'s the problems you will experience if you buy it:  First, this device operates at 2.4GHz, which jams your home WIFI network.  If you use the internet, and have a WIFI network, don\'t buy this thing.  We spent hundreds of dollars on upgrading wifi modems and cable boxes before we figured out this little piece of junk was the problem.  Second, the casing is so poorly constructed that it can\'t sit upright on your bedside table, OR clip on to any nearby furniture.  It also doesn\'t have a stand or little leg that kicks out to prop it up.  It just sits annoyingly on its back on the table, at an angle you cannot see the screen from.  Thus, you need to fully get up out of bed to look at it, and hold it in the palm of your hand.  Just what you want to do at 3AM.  Third, the sound and movement detection it claims to have doesn\'t work.  Our son was calling for me to come in, and this sound did not activate.  It is totally silent, and switches to a power save mode, where it will stay no matter what sounds your child is making.  It claims this so it will not disturb you if your child sleeps with white noise.  Well, isn\'t the point of a monitor to do just that - disturb you if your child needs you?  Fourth, the video signal is much worse than our previous old system - it has a grainy, somewhat slow motion quality, and the images on infrared are blurry and indiscernable.  Finally, it has no audio-only mode or standby.  Our old monitor had a video on/off toggle that allowed you to hear, but not have the screen light on to maintain room darkness so the parents can sleep.  This device forces you to turn the monitor face down to blunt the video, or just turn it off altogether.  The audio is silent throughout  - you will not hear your child unless they are bawling or sobbing uncontrollably.  Save your time by looking elsewhere!
Interference30 days after turning on the Infant Optics, the range on my 1.5 year old Netgear WNDR3700, went to 1 foot, and for all intended purposes the Netgear is now dead.  Coincidence?!?!, maybe, maybe not.  Replaced the Netgear with a TP-Link TL-WDR4300, and after 2 days of hair pulling, the conclusion was that the moment the IO went on, the 2.4Ghz band was completely suffocated, and no device on the 2.4 band was able to use the wireless network.  I replaced the TL-WDR4300 with a brand new Netgear WND3700, and while the 2.4 GHz band is not completely suffocated, the speed on the 2.4 Ghz band drops to less than 1/4 the speed when the IO is not on.Even more InterferenceNot sure exactly who wrote in the \Product Features\, \Uses FHSS (Automatic Frequency Hoping System) - jumps between different channels in the 2.4 GHz range which virtually \'encrypts\' the data\, but... (1) a spell checker sometimes is not enough (hoping you can see that), (2) FHSS is not an acronym of \Automatic Frequency Hoping System\. One of the possible acronyms for FHSS is \Frequency-hopping spread spectrum\.  Here is an interesting read on this \wonderful\ FHSS approach: [...]I\'m pretty sure there must be some other method besides carpet bombing the 2.4 Ghz, just to insure encryption... something along the lines of WPA/WPA2.Testing for interferenceA crude, fast interference test, turn on Infant Optics, go to speakeasy.net or speedtest.net and run the speed test. Turn off Infant Optics and re run the test on the same test server.  Repeat the test a few times.  If the results between IO on and IO off are the same, interference is close to none.  In my case, in the case of TP-Link, I CANNOT even run the test when the IO is on.  In the case of the 2nd Netgear, when the IO is on the download speed is 2Mbps, when the IO is off, the download speed is 8Mbps.  Quite a bit of interference.
Simple. It knocks my AT&T u-verse off. It is interfering with my wifi all the time. Major interruption! Really not happy!!!
We ordered one at the end of the year. It suddenly stopped working after almost exactly a month. Fortunately, it was just within the window to get a replacement. Four months later, the new one died. No picture and then won\'t pair. Don\'t waste your money, buy a more expensive one that\'s going to last more than a few months!
Since day one of having this monitor it would constantly lose signal. I have only used it inside and where it cuts out the most is when I\'m in my living room which is directly below my daughters room so it\'s not like I\'m far away from the camera. I have to turn the power off and back on again for it to work again. Then it didn\'t help that it was dropped once and the antenna broke off. I haven\'t even had this monitor for 4 months and now the video has stopped working and the sound is cutting out constantly. Complete garbage. I\'ll be contacting the manufacturer in the morning.
had this less than 6 months and the sound stopped working. very disappointed, cannot use the device without sound. ridiculous, WOULD NOT recommend anyone buy it. you think the price is better than the others but when it comes down to it the quality is terrible. and I cannot get a refund because the return period is only one month.
I\'m a first time mom, so take this with a grain of salt.  However, I\'m also college educated (2 bachelors degrees and a masters), so I\'d think some things would just be common sense for a baby product.  Here is my take on this monitor:1) If you accidentally forget to turn the camera on and turn the handheld monitor on first, the handheld issues an EXTREMELY LOUD series of beeps to alert that the camera is out of range.  Great if the camera is out of range, awful if you\'re standing right next to your sleeping infant because you wanted to check and make sure the camera angle was set properly.  Ooooops.2) The screen on the hand-held NEVER turns off.  EVER.  EVER, EVER, EVER.  Unless it runs out of batteries.  (I\'ll get to that in #3)  So now imagine you\'ve gotten your sleeping bundle of joy to sleep and (gasp!) you want to sleep.  Nope.  The handheld will glow like the surface of the sun unless you cover it with something.  Then you cover it with something and muffle the sounds of your super impatient, hungry baby.  Oh, yes, the same baby that you couldn\'t see move because you had to cover the screen.  Oooops.3)  Let\'s say that you\'ve overcome obstacles 1 and 2.  Now you\'re asleep, the tiny screaming bundle of joy is asleep, and the monitor is appropriately dimmed with an ironic eye mask that you should just put on your face.  Oh no!  You forgot to plug the handheld in to the wall.  Guess how long the battery lasts?  Answer: less time than your infant will sleep.  Because that\'s how Murphy\'s law works.  It WILL start beeping.  Loudly.  Everyone in the house will wake up.  You will throw the damned thing in the toilet and go online and write a review of this god-awful piece of crap that ruined your night.So, buy at your own risk!  Good luck!
Pros:Price - a video monitor for under $100 seemed too good to be true. It does work, the night vision also works well.Range - I haven\'t had an issue with it not working inside or even outside the house.Automatically turns off if there isn\'t sound.quick response from customer service - I sent an email to customer service about an issue, and received a response about 2 hours later. (see cons)Cons:Cheap- about a week after we bought it, it fell off the nightstand onto carpet, and broke the antenna.  It continued to work, so not a big dealCheap- a week ago it fell, this time onto tile, and the whole thing came apart.  I know I can\'t expect electronics to be indestructible, but this destruction was surprising given how short of a fall it was.  We got it back together and it works pretty well while plugged in.Customer Service isn\'t helpful-While they responded about two hours after I sent a request to be able to buy a replacement receiver, I was told I should instead buy the whole package again, and have two cameras.If you are planning on buying this, my recommendation is to put the receiver somewhere it won\'t ever be touched.  Think you may possibly knock it off the nightstand when your baby starts crying in the middle of the night, plan on it being broken.My advice to the company, if you are going to sell something so easily broken, offer replacement components.
It worked fine in the beginning. The picture is fuzzy can\'t see any detail. Now, the portable receiver has stopped receiving any signal from the camera. Worse when it looses signal it beaps really loud, a volume level not controllable and wakes up the baby. Very Dissapopinted!
First one didn\'t work at all. Sent it back to company and they sent me a new one.  It has lasted about 6 months and now won\'t work.  Very cheaply made.  Don\'t waste your money, invest in a good one.
I purchased this item a week back and it didnt work as promised.Installing it and getting the video on the monitor was a breeze.Night Vision didnt work at all. I tested it with extremely low light and no light conditions and IR never turned on.I even tried setting the IR mode to ON and AUTO and it never worked in the night vision mode.Under normal lighting conditions, it worked fine...but thats not why we needed this monitor in the first place.We wanted to see the baby when there is little or no light in the room.So the primary need was not met.The other issue we ran into was wifi slowness and hickups right after we installed this.I believe this issue is reported by some other reviewers too.We are going to return ours and get some other brand.Maybe ours was a lemon considering other positive reviews. But needless to say, it was a waste of time for us.
We had high hopes, but this video monitor fell way short. First, the microphone is so weak, it only picks up loud noises, like crying. It does not pick up the sound of baby breathing. Second, the brightness of the screen is annoyingly bright, even when turned down to the lowest setting. Not recommended.
Let me begin with the fact that the monitor worked acceptably well for about four months.  After that it just died a slow death cutting off and on unexpectedly.  I suspect that it may just be the lithium battery however, the manufacturer makes it very clear that they do not warranty the rechargeable battery.  And the unit will not work on its own while plugged in without the battery (or at least mine would not).  Emails, which the manufacturer recommends vice a phone call, to customer service have not been returned.  Very disappointed overall and Amazon will not accept it back as a return without prorating my potential refund after I return at my own cost.I will lay out the pros and cons below for those of you that want to roll the dice with this product.  My issue could just be bad luck however I suspect that this is an endemic problem with the product:PROS:- Value:  Great potential bang for the buck.- Picture and sound are good and night vision works well.- Voice activated auto off and on feature works relatively well and is sensitive (maybe too sensitive but I like knowing that it is picking up our little one\'s noises).- Has a wall mount (and stand alone mode) for camera which is a must when you want to look down into the crib.- Played very well with the two WiFi routers in my house.CONS:- Monitor is light and feels cheaply made.  If it hits the ground, this thing is toast.- Lithium battery doesn\'t last long at all, even on the battery saving mode with voice activation .  You will be lucky to get an hour or two off the charger.- No low battery or shut off audible tone.  Which means when this thing dies you will have no idea that it has stopped monitoring your little one.  This is a big issue and is unacceptable when you experience the issues as I detailed above.- Makes a &#34;click&#34; sound when it is activated.  It isn\'t super loud but at night it will wake you and is super annoying.- Loses signal with camera frequently, even when in close proximity.  It will regain signal after a simple reset, but this is really annoying as well.- Uses side volume and contrast up and down button in combinations to activate features like voice activation.  Easy to use once you get used to it however try teaching it to the grandparents or babysitter on the fly and you will see why this is such a bad idea.- In comparison to other cameras with night vision, the LED lights are very bright.  While the light is much less than say a dim night light it is still not up to par with other comparable cameras.- Kick stand for monitor is flimsy and doesn\'t hold up the unit very well.- Monitor antenna is just begging to be broken off, again poor construction overall.
I dont write a lot of reviews on amazon but i was deeply frustrated with this. but i blame myself. its a cheap monitor and  you get what you pay for. i have another Motorola one that i have at the grandparents house, its nicer, better picture and sound quality, has a thermometer. it was of course $250. i didn\'t think i needed something so nice so i got this one and i hate it. my peace of mind is worth getting a nicer system.so i have used this for a total of one week and the sound comes in and out. the audio is useless. whats the point of having a baby monitor if there is no sound?
This monitor is a complete waste of money if you are trying to monitor your baby without staring at the video screen the entire time. The image was fine with good picture quality in well-lit and low-light situations. However, the audio is virtually nonexistent even with the volume turned all the way up and even with the monitor less then 2 feet away from our baby. The only reason we knew that the baby was crying was because we saw it on the screen and when we got to the room she was screaming in distress. We could not hear her crying on the monitor, which defeats the purpose of having the monitor on at night. As an experiment, we had an adult talking at a normal volume in the room and again it was barely audible on the monitor. We troubleshot through the various settings on the monitor, but nothing helped. We are returning it immediately and looking for a different company. I would recommend against buying this if you intend to hear the baby crying, not just watching it cry like a silent movie.
Our Summer Infant monitor broke after 3 years of use and we decided to go with this monitor after looking at all the positive reviews. We plugged it in tonight and can barely hear the little guy even with the volume adjusted to its highest setting.  Picture quality is good, but useless if we can\'t hear him.  Right now, we\'re using an audio monitor in addition to this monitor.  We may be returning our purchase
I bought this monitor because it was the cheapest video monitor available and a top selling product on Amazon.  Well you get what you pay for.  The battery life is terrible.  It only last a few hours unplugged.  This is probably because the screen never can be shut off and also because the VOX (system to silence the receiver when there is no noise) does not work consistently.  So you constantly see the screen on and constantly hear a buzzing noise.  In addition, the audio quality is terrible.  The Summer Night and Day monitor, that I had before and lasted three years before breaking, was a far superior product, but at a much higher price.
When it works, it is marginally good in terms of picture and sound quality.  About a week ago (right when the return window closed) it stopped holding a charge...the battery no longer works and hence, it cannot be unplugged and hence cannot be moved.  Very low quality.  I wish Amazon would give me an exception for a return, especially since it is only a few days past the last chance to send it back.
Do not buy! Very disappointed with the night vision and sound. You will not hear your baby unless he is screaming.  Many times I wake up to my baby screaming only because I can hear him through the walls. Also,  the night vision is horrible. It is very difficult to see my baby at night even when I leave the closet light on. When checking on my baby at night, I have to go into his bedroom.  This defeats the purpose of having the monitor.
I want to start off by saying that I usually do not take the time to review products unless I really feel it\'s necessary, such as with this video monitor.  This is our second video monitor, with our first being a Summer Infant, so I\'m not completely new to how a video monitor should work.  I\'ve owned this monitor for about 3 months.  One of the reasons I\'m writing this review today is because I woke up to my son screaming and crying last night, and the monitor was sitting on the nightstand right next to me without a signal from the camera.  This happens CONSTANTLY, it will not stay connected to the base.The camera sits about 30\' from the monitor, which is by no means out of the advertised signal range.  When it loses the signal, it warns the user with a loud beep.  About every other night, it will beep in the middle of the night waking me up, and I\'ll pick it up to check on my son only to realize that it beeped because the signal was lost, not because the camera base was picking up noise in his room.  The ONLY way I can get the signal to pick back up is to uplug the monitor from the wall and switch through all cameras (supports up to 4) until I get back to camera 1.  This makes no sense whatsoever.  When it\'s running on battery, the signal strength and connection is perfectly fine, but it can\'t run off battery all night.I have also found the voice activated power saving mode really takes excessive noise/commotion to wake up the monitor.  The camera sits about 3 feet from my son\'s crib, and when I\'m directly below his room in our house, I can hear him moving around and kicking his mattress with the monitor still sleeping. The are a couple PROS, but the CONS really make it stand out.PROS:1) Price2) Video quality (when it has signal)CONS:1) Build quality2) Signal strength3) Voice activated power saving modeFrom my standpoint, I\'m not sure where the positive reviews are coming from, this product is completely untrustworthy.  I would never rely on it for an infant, that\'s why our Summer Infant monitor is in our daughter\'s room.  Based on my experiences, spend a little more money and go with a Motorola or Summer Infant.  Hopefully this review will keep you from making the same mistake I did, if I could return it, I would.
This product broke after 2 weeks! We do not recommend anyone to purchase this even if it seems like its the only thing in your price range.
I was pretty excited to get a video monitor was good ratings for such a good price, and it worked pretty well, but a few months in, the monitor went blank and after extensive investigation, I found a wire on the camera was split open like someone had sliced it with a knife. It was the weirdest thing, and very disappointing, and a waste of money. I guess I should have spent a couple hundred dollars and I would still have a monitor.
I bought this as a baby shower gift 3 months ago. My friends didn\'t open it until recently they finished the decorating of the nursery room. After they put the baby into crib and excitedly turn this camera on to enjoy the peaceful moment. So disappointed! They can\'t get any picture. The screen is OK. It seems the camera part is no function. They called me to see if I can get replacement. I checked the ordering status. The window for replacement just closed lase week. So bad! I don\'t know if it ever happened to other customs. or just I am in bad luck.
This product only works if your within 20 feet otherwise it will go out of range every 30 seconds, I would really recommend spending the extra 60 dollars and getting one that has better range. The sound is pretty clear but low and the view is pretty good.
These don\'t fit on the windows in my car. I do not recommend if you have smaller back windows. I can\'t comment on the quality of the product because as I said, they don\'t fit.
I loved these shades until it got cold here in Pa, and they won\'t stick now. Not worth buying if they don\'t work for more than half a year. Especially since it is very sunny in the winter time and my kids hate having the sun in their eyes. Can\'t return them now cause we used them for the warmer months.
Rather small, and the dark outline blocks the driver\'s view. I ended up getting my rear windows tinted for about $175. If you\'re going to spend the money, might as well get the windows tinted.
I know Britax is a good brand or at least a great brand for car seats so I bought these.  They\'re awful.  They don\'t stick to the window, or if you get them to stick, once they fall of (and they will), you won\'t get them to work again.  Terrible product!
The shades won\'t sit flat and are damaged. The bottoms are curved and can\'t be fixed. Disappointed in the product.
I bought this not too long ago and based on the reviews I thought I\'d give it a try.  It\'s too small and is NOT dark enough.
I love the idea of these sun shades, but because of how they are twisted and folded to fit in the package, I could not get them flat enough to stick to the window. I put them under full diaper boxes for more than a month to try to flatten them, and they still would not lay flat. The cling side would stick to the window on the left side (for example), but the frame was so twisted that the right side was not against the window.It is cold here, but I also tried on a day above freezing and that didn\'t make any difference. I don\'t think it was too cold for the plastic cling side. The problem was the bend in the frame. I am returning these and trying a similar one that has a suction cup in the middle. Hopefully then a frame that is a little bent won\'t really matter.
Couldn\'t get it to stay on the window and finally gave up on them.  Kept folding in on themselves and falling off.
Clings fine, fits OK around tight spots.  However, I regret putting this on my registry and unpacking it.If it provides any sort of shade, neither my daughter nor I have noticed a difference.  The roll-down shade I bought from a store works much better at shading. Amazingly, I am also able to see through the roll-down shade much better, too, even though it is plastic/rubber just dotted with little holes.  These cling-on shades make it impossible to even see shapes through them (extremely blurry and deformed) because of the layer of clear film underneath the mesh, which makes for dangerous driving.  I wish I had seen these in a store first, then I would have known to steer clear of them due to their poor quality and design.  It\'s a shame, too, because I love the Britax brand otherwise.
It worked great over the summer.  The second it was 50 degrees, it started to fall off the window of my car and wouldn\'t reattach.  Total waste of money.
they came packaged so that it was folded into smaller circles, and they were never fully able to open up flat and cling to the window. there was always this overstretched portion of the border that bulged and wouldnt lay flat, and they constantly fell off the window.
These arrived and would not even lay flat on my car window... what a waste of money! No matter what I tried, they would not stay because they were warped! Very disappointed in yet another window shade :(
Was a twisted up mess when I got it.  Won\'t stick to the windshield.
Unfortunately this does not block enough to be useful in keeping the sun off baby. Will be returning and looking for something else
Unfortunately, it doesn\'t block the sun.
I am quite disappointed in this product.  It doesn\'t block the sun at all.  We tried to overlap the 2 pieces on top of each other, so hopefully we can make some use of these shades that we bought, but the material is too sheer and would not cover any of the sun.  We didn\'t return it and it\'s a complete waste of money.  Sorry.  I hate writing bad reviews, but needed to let consumers know.  Britax needs to improve these sunshades.
Product is nicely made. Opens and closes by twisting since the outer edge is a spring loop. However, I returned the product since it is not very dark. It doesn\'t do much in the way of blocking out the sun in comparison to other cling shades I have used.
We purchased two sets of these shades, one set for each car. Neither set worked when trying to place in the windows. The wire was too big for the material, which made them into warped shapes. They wouldn\'t cling to the window because the corners couldn\'t lay flat, due to the poor construction of the product overall. Not very expensive, but also not worth wasting $17 over to find out we just have to toss them.
Super easy to put on, inexpensive, but my babies still squint from the sun even with them on.  I would not recommend.
These fell within a few minutes of putting them on.  Do not stay on longer than an hour.  Do not recommend.
Mine just won\'t stay up. No matter if it\'s warm or cold outside, they have never worked. Clean glass, followed simple directions to put on but they just keep falling off. In the trash now.
This did nothing for our baby in terms of blocking the sun on our Toyota Highlander.  It\'s not really tinted very dark and tends to fall off the windows.  I would not recommend this at all.
We received this monitor as a shower gift and it worked great for the first six months. After that it would have trouble re-connecting after being unplugged when we were traveling. Now at 12 months it will not re-connect at all. Both parent units say unable to link and we have tried all of the different tips and tricks that have been posted online. We are very unhappy with the longevity of this product and will be purchasing another unit from a different company.
First, the distance on these are no more than 75 feet - which is much different that the advertised distance,Secondly, the screen on ours has been having issues.  It only shows part of the screen making it impossible to read any information on the monitor - which defeats the purpose of using it.My wife emailed VTech and was given a prompt response that she would be contacted within 48 hours by a CSR.  2 weeks later she sent another email and finally was given a response in broken English on how to fix it.We went through the process given to us to try and fix it and still no luck, so we emailed back telling them that we tried it a few times and still are having the same issues.We then received an email back with the same instructions on how to fix it.We are now waiting on another email back on the next steps, which will probably be the same instructions on how to try and fix it....I will update this if we ever get a proper response back from VTech.  For now I would not recommend this product as it didn\'t even last 6 months and dealing with their customer service has been a terrible experience.UPDATE:We finally got a response back from VTech and they want us to ship the broken unit to them on our dime. Two issues with this: why should it cost us when it is still under warranty and their defective product, and we can\'t go without the parent unit for weeks and we ship back and wait for a new unit.I asked them to send the new unit along with a return mailing label and we will gladly mail it back - they refused.I am not one to complain, but dealing with VTech has been the worse experience in a very long time. I own a business and couldn\'t imagine treating my clients this way, especially when it\'s my product that is the issue.We have told VTech that unless they ship a new unit first we will just go ahead and purchase a different product through a company that stands behind their products.DO NOT buy from VTECH, unless you like headaches.
I loved this audio monitor for 9 months. It was easy to set up, easy to use, worked great and the 2 parent units were awesome. Why don\'t more baby monitors come with 2 parent units?Well, today, I accidentally kicked the power strip while sorting stuff in the baby\'s room and powered off the baby unit. When I powered it back on, the parent units wouldn\'t connect with the baby units. I tried everything in the manual and on their trouble shooting website, and then I came here to see if anyone else had had this problem. And what do you know... LOTS of people have had this problem.So it\'s a known issue and the manufacturer\'s solution is to send you a replacement. So let me see if I understand this situation: every time I power off the baby unit, the audio monitor will cease to function I have to then call in and get a replacement? That\'s ridiculous. We\'re about to move and I don\'t have time to deal with getting the audio monitor replaced knowing that in a month when we move and have to unplug it, I have to call again to get it replaced. I will be returning this unit and shopping for another product.I should probably note that we did unplug it 2-3 times before this happened, so it doesn\'t happen right away. Looking at other reviews, it seems to happen if you unplug it after about 6 months of use.
The product works fine when it works but we have had to get it replaced twice because once it has been disconnected by either a power outage or simply unplugging it to take it with us for an out of town trip it no longer works when plugged back. The Vtech customer service does send you a new one but this product is not worth the hassle.
We bought this based on the many reviews and I am sad to say that I am really disappointed. This couldnt handle being used at 40-50\' in a single story home. It at times will link up and in the middle of the night start beeping because it lost its connection which makes for a rough nights sleep. Unreliable and wish I could return it and buy something else. Very disappointed.
It worked for about 6 months, and then we turned off the baby unit briefly and now it won\'t link.  Frustrating waste of time and money.  Avoid this product!!my old review :Beep beep beep beep.  These things won\'t shut up.  Low battery, low signal strength, baby unit unplugged, all make them beep.I understand some people might want beeps, but there\'s no option in the menu to disable the beeping, which for me is inexcusable.  They also take quite a while to turn off and on, and you have to hold down the power button, which is annoying; I\'d rather have a hard-switch for the power.  The final fault is that the LCD can\'t be turned off or the brightness adjusted.Not a friendly product to the sensitive consumer.(the actual baby monitoring works okay, but the signal-to-noise is not awesome, lots of static)
We purchased this so that we could have monitors on multiple levels of our two-story house. The monitor worked great for the first seven months. Then last night, all of the sudden both &#34;parent units&#34; no longer connect to the &#34;baby unit.&#34; Despite my best efforts, the &#34;parent units&#34; just say &#34;Not Linked.&#34; Looking at other reviews, this seems to be a similar occurrence after a while.Unfortunately, it doesn\'t look like we\'ll be able to RMA this because we didn\'t keep the original packaging :(
It was fine for almost a year, but suddenly you can\'t read the screen - it just looks like a jumble.
The product DOES NOT perform as stated.  The specifications lie.  They claim that it has a range up to 1000 ft.  It will not function properly from the bedroom to the den, which is just 62 feet!  They brag about DECT 6.0 technology and the units clarity and range of up to 1000 feet.  It is clear, within the same room!  The unit starts beeping with low signal when walking to the den.  The unit is just junk and cheaply designed.  My Panasonic DECT 6.0 telephone (very same technology) works clearly at over 1200 feet.................................DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT..................................Tech support is in the Philippine Islands and they are no help what-so-ever!  It takes 48 hours for them to elevate problems to Engineering!
UPDATE: After 4 months of use the unit completely stopped working out of the blue. I unplugged the baby unit to move it to a new outlet, and when it powered back up it can no longer link to either of the parent units at any distance even with all other wireless electronics in the house turned off. Attempts to troubleshoot from the manual have all failed. Performing searches and looking at recent review of this unit indicate that many people find the product fails around the 4-5 month mark, and while I have been unable to get a response from Customer Service yet, all indications are that they have no interest in honoring the 1 year warranty. Buyer beware.Original review:This VTech audio baby monitor has worked perfectly from day one, and two months in I cannot come up with anything negative to say about it. For the price, having two parent receivers and the features such as 2 way communication make this a great deal, I would definitely recommend this product to any parents out there trying to decide between the many available monitoring options.For those of you looking for a video solution as well, if you know your way around your home network and own a smartphone or an iPod touch, I strongly recommend pairing this VTech audio monitor with a Foscam FI8910W WiFi video camera. Buying these two products together is less than half the cost of most quality single dedicated baby video monitors, but this setup provides a great experience with a lot more flexibility than having a single dedicated video unit, and all of that adds up to that little bit of extra piece of mind.
My wife and I  loved the quietness and sensitivity level of this unit.  It worked great for a month however in the middle of the night between 2am and 4 am the units become un-linked and the monitor in our room beeps very loudly.  We are already lacking sleep due to the baby and we don\'t need any help by a baby monitor malfunctioning.  We restart the units and that does not help either.  We will be returning this unit.
We bought this monitor for our second child, but didn\'t use it until he was 2 months old, by then it was too late to return it. Our house is 2000 square feet (not big) and it won\'t even work from the baby\'s room to our room, the distance is too far. The volume is very loud, even on the lowest setting normal sleeping noises wake me up. There are lights across the top of the monitor to let you know if the baby is making loud noises, but they\'re so small I can\'t see them during daylight if I\'m in the shower and can\'t hear the monitor. My final complaint is that there is no way of knowing if the monitor (parent handset) is turned on at night, unless you pick it up and press a button to make the back ground light come on. The first night I forgot to turn it on, I thought it was on because there was a glowing red light, but no, that only means it is plugged in and the battery is charging. I wish I could have returned this monitor, but I can\'t, we are buying a new one anyway. The talk feature is cool, but we just use it to play with our 2 year old.
The sound quality was excellent at a decent range for these types of devices...at first. But a couple of months after we got it one of the receivers started not linking. Amazon was great about exchanging at no cost.Several months later, after the second unit was working fine for that duration, the transmitter suddenly stopped being able to link to either receiver, making the devices non-functional. Even though this is now 6 months after the initial purchase Amazon was still able to exchange the devices at no cost.
Turned all the way up, I had to hold the parent unit to my ear to hear anything from the baby unit. If it had decent volume, or could support an external speaker, it would be good.
We needed a new monitor when baby #2 came. I thought this would be an upgrade from our first basic Graco monitors. Psych! It\'s a pain to get back on if the power goes out. You have to take the battery out and let it completely drain before you plug it back in and it links up. So if your power goes out in the evening or night, you have no monitor for the rest of the night. Now, one year later, it will just decide to make the annoying \'not linked\' noise even if its working right. And of course it only happens in the middle o the night. I\'m so disappointed. This monitor just isn\'t worth it.
This monitor is not functional. They don\'t link to the baby monitor well. I returned them once for this reason and received another set and was willing to give it another try.  They worked fine for a while, but my three year old son unplugged them once. They never linked again, and now it\'s too late to return them again. I\'m glad the second set was a free replacement, so now I had to buy a new one - more expensive - and this one is trash (e-recycling). I\'m not going to buy this brand again - in any baby appliance.
We had this monitor for about 10 months before you could no longer read the display. You had to guess if the volume was one. The batteries also do not hold a charge. I would not recommend this product.
I purchased these for my small children earlier this year.  I had purchased one last Fall that stopped working after a power outage, but decided that the product seemed reliable enough to give it another chance.  Unfortunately, they have both stopped working and will both go in the garbage today.  They are great monitors when they work - but literally stopped linking after we tried to move them to a new room.  I am very disappointed in the quality and sent an email to the company, they did not respond.  I am sorry I purchased these and would not recommend.
I bought this unit to replace a previously cheaper Fisher Price version.  I decided to pay a bit more and got this Vtech monitor.  It  worked well but after a few months, I switched off the main unit to move it to another room.  When I switched it back on, it said \'Not Linked\' to both of the Parent\'s units.  I requested a replacement and got it in Jan 2013, thinking that mine must have been defective.  However, we\'re now in November 2013, not even a year since I got the replacement and the same thing has happened again. This unit works ONLY if you never switch it off, which is ridiculous. Lots of complaints about this particular problem on the internet. The window for replacement is closed but I will be contacting Vtech.
First off, I did not purchase this product through Amazon like most of my products; however I felt it was important to rate this item for other parents to be aware of the problems that I have had with it, especially when it comes to its dependability.When I first received these, I liked the fact that they use a &#34;wifi&#34; like signal that doesn\'t allow radio interference. The sound sensitivity is amazing and you can customize this to if you want to hear your baby breathing to just when they\'re making a fuss. You can change the volume on the parent unit all the way up or mute, whichever you need. Be forewarned, if it\'s on max volume and baby starts crying, it has the tendency to scare the crap out of you! (and of course drop the dishes) Mid-volume is sufficient unless you\'re in a high sound area. It also has a vibrate option on it and can use this in tandem with the volume control in high sound situations.The CONS:The battery SUCKS on this thing. Yes, it CAN last up to maybe a half a day but if the battery reads half, lord help you if you turn the device off and on again...it\'ll be dead and BEEP BEEP BEEP you into annoyance. Sometimes the battery will read full and with a power on/off cycle, it\'ll be &#34;dead&#34;.... or so it thinks.I have had where the parent unit is &#34;linked&#34; the baby unit and I\'ve heard the baby screaming through the wall!!!! There was NO sound coming from the monitor until I picked it up and shook it, then the cries starting blaring. I still don\'t know how long she was crying. I\'ve gotten into the regular habit of constantly checking to make sure the monitor is transmitting sound (I\'m lucky my baby snores) and shaking it to be sure it\'s &#34;awake&#34; and ready. I am currently looking for better options because this is a safety hazard.The coverage is good for the size of my house (about 1500/ft2) BUT sometimes the monitor will work in places and not in others...although it worked there fine before. It will become &#34;unlinked&#34; but it will beep then to alert you to reconnect it. It\'s a rather picky device and it\'s quite an annoyance.I am currently looking for another monitor that will be dependable and consistent. I wanted to review this here and let people know that if you already have the device (MAKE SURE IT IS TRANSMITTING SOUND PERIODICALLY) and if you\'re looking at getting it, be aware of the problems.
I bought two of these monitors. While they worked, they were great. But both sets stopped working suddenly for no apparent reason. After being unplugged, the parent unit would no longer link with the baby unit. One set worked for 7 months; the other for 5 months. I have requested a refund from VTech. I would not purchase this item again.
This unit worked great for three months, then the same garbage everyone else seems to have happen. I turned off the baby unit and when I turned it back on the parent units couldn\'t link. We tried pulling the batteries, starting and restarting repeatedly, and nothing. Don\'t waste your money.UPDATE: I did call Vtech and got a replacement. They did not require original packaging as another reviewer reported, but they did ask if I had my receipt (because everyone keeps receipts for months and months, right?) and the serial number of the unit that I had. They made very clear that this replacement would only have a 90-day warranty, which is about right, since the first one barely lasted 90 days. We are using the unit, and so far it is fine, but I don\'t trust it, and we are using it in addition to the one we bought to replace the Vtech over the month that the unit was non-functional.
We bought our set in September of 2012 and it didn\'t even last a year before the entire set crapped out. All of a sudden, none of them would connect to each other. VTech is impossible to get ahold of for warranty questions and STILL have not gotten back to me from their online form (which is the only way you can get ahold of them for this issue).Avoid!
Listen to the negative reviews - unplug it or power goes out - and your devise will no longer link.  Used it for months, winter comes, power blinks and now they do not link.  On the phone with the company trying to get them replaced.
Was pretty happy with these units.  The range was great, even with the solid concrete construction of our apartment building.  No interference from other radio frequencies nearby.That is......until we\'d had them for about 9 months and they just stopped working.  All of a sudden the parent units stopped connecting to the baby unit and the whole set became useless.  We followed all the instructions in the manual, which didn\'t work.  And tried to contact customer support online, which didn\'t work either.We even bought a new DM-221 (with a single parent unit) hoping that the new baby unit would solve the problem - but the new unit wouldn\'t pair with the old one.Can\'t recommend this in good conscience.
This monitor does not work.  We charged it over 11 hours, and it has a full battery and well within range.  I tested it with music playing in my son\'s room, and it would come in clearly and then just stop.  When I push the \talk\ button it will come back, but then stop again within a minute.  Without music playing we would not hear when it decides to just cut out.
This monitor is the worst. I cannot describe how much I dislike this monitor.1. The battery does not last through the night, so we have to move the charging the cable up and down stairs every day2. The worst part of this monitor is it randomly loses the connection to the baby unit for no apparent reason as if I restart the parent unit, it reconnects without a problem. I guess i can see this happening if the parent unit is in the basement and baby unit is on the third floor, but this has been happening when the 2 units are barely 10 feet apart with only 2 standard doors between them. This is completely unacceptable. We have actually lose sleep because this thing will lose its connection and start beeping.If I could give less than 1 star I would. Returning and getting a Philips AVENT.
This monitor just plain does not work. So many times I have gone in to check on my peanut to find her whimpering,after exhausting herself crying, and not a peep on the &#34;monitor&#34;. Wish they still made the lovely analog monitor I had for my 1st daughter (evenflo whisper connect) that lasted 8 YEARS. This VTech is only 12 months old, the display is dead and it\'s never worked properly. Keep looking....
We use a sound machine and this monitor would pick up sound machine noise, clicking in and out all night long! Hardly could hear baby over the white noise. We returned it.
I use monitors for an adult with disabilities.  My beloved Sony monitor died after many years & since I needed one that day, I ran to Wal-Mart.  They did not have the Sony, so I tried this VTech because it\'s a company I trust AND I really loved the 2-way function.  BUT I hate it !!!! I cannot hear an adult calling for me even with the monitor on the nightstand right next to the bed !! And that is with the volume turned all the way up. I am returning it ASAP.
I purchased this product because of the reasonable price and features. After less than a month of using this monitor, however, the parent unit speaker stopped working. I could still use the microphone feature, but the purpose of having the monitor (actually hearing your baby) was no longer available. I would not recommend this monitor to anyone. You\'re better off shelling out a few extra dollars on a different brand.
I was outside with my older child while the younger one was inside taking a nap. I was thinking about how nice it was for the baby to get a long nap when it occurred to me that the monitor wasn\'t making the same white noise it usually makes even though it said \'linked\'I shut off and turned back on the parent unit and sure enough my younger child was absolutely in a panic screaming. I have no idea how long he was in there like that. Would not purchase this ever again, absolutely worthless.
This monitor has a multitude of flaws: when you plug the parent unit it to charge after having turned if off it turns back on, the &#34;talk&#34; button on the parent unit is precisely where you would grab it to carry it so you are likely to wake your child if you happen to do so and start making noise, our unit\'s display has failed after less than a year with random elements not working.Sadly I cannot say that another product would be better as all the other items I saw had similarly horrible reviews. It would seem that manufacturers do not care to make a good, long lasting monitor.
To put it bluntly- I hate this monitor and can\'t wait to be rid of it. We received the Vtech Safe and Sound monitor as a baby shower gift. During the three months the monitor actually worked, one big problem was that the sound would inexplicably cut out for a minute or two at a time. This wasn\'t a huge deal. What was a huge deal was when the receivers simply stopped linking with the monitor after only three months of use. We called Vtech and they admitted that we had received a faulty product. They offered to replace it for free, however, we had to pay the $40 shipping charges. We just got our new monitor and plugged it in for the first time. EXACT SAME PROBLEM. I suppose I should be grateful for the three months use I got out of the old monitor, as I won\'t get a single night\'s use out of this one. I am hugely disappointed with Vtech and plan to NEVER buy one of their products again. I will NOT be replacing this monitor with another Vtech headache.Buyer beware!!!
The monitor did an excellent job picking up the sounds from our baby\'s room for the 1 week it worked.Battery IssuesPlugged this in the day after our baby was born and charged the parent unit for around 8 hours.  A couple of days later we set up the unit while our newborn took a nap and the battery was almost dead.  Not sure how that happened as we did not use the at all in the 2 days between the charge and first use.  After charging for a few hours I removed it from the cable and it did report a full charge.  Used this 2 times after for a total of 3 hours and the parent unit reported a depleted battery each time.  The battery appears to drain when not in use.  This would be fine if it was over the course of a few days but it drains over night.Link IssuesOn the 3rd use the unit would not link.  We turned off both units and left them off for ~5 minutes and when we turned them back on they started working again.  After 30 minutes the parent unit started beeping reporting that it had lost the link.  We reset both sides and they connected again.  On the 4th use it would not connect at all with the reset not helping.Overall very disappointed.  This unit gets good reviews at the price but it seems its hit or miss on quality.
*update*Originally I loved this monitor. A few months after having it, it\'s now beginning to make popping static noises.Kind if like static that is quiet, then gets loud and back to quiet again.This is very annoying during the day, but infuriating at night while trying to sleep.Will NOT purchase one again.*Original Review*My husband and I LOVE this monitor! It has a talk back feature that turn monitor into a walkie talkie, no static noise, doesn\'t make weird sounds when an electronic is placed near it, and the sensitivity is great.( we typically leave the volume on 2 and we can still hear everything nice and clear) the nightlight feature seems like a quick add on because it is kind of useless, it\'s more like a super dim light to find where the monitor is in the dark. Sort of like what a glow stick looks like after a day of use.We are both very pleased with the accuracy of the product description. It comes with rechargeable batteries, and two outlet plugs. The range on this monitor is one of the farthest, we leave our son upstairs in our room when He is asleep and go downstairs into the garage on the opposite side of the house and we can still hear every noise clearly.I would definitely recommend this product to anyone looking for a good, reliable and reasonably priced baby monitor.
The claim of &#34;no white noise because it\'s digital&#34; is bogus.With the volume and sensitivity up as far as they will go, I can barely hear it.I have to keep it clipped to my shirt pocket in order to hear anything; and even then it is very faint.A complete waste of money.
These monitors beeb when they are &#34;delinked&#34; we tried many different ways to make them work and were unsuccessful. Of course, by the time we decided they were not able to be fixed not to beep we were out of the return window. The $17 replacement monitor I bought works just fine and doesn\'t beep & wake me up!
I just purchased this item and will be returning it.  The range is fine and it works well when connected.  BUT it\'s getting it connected that is the problem.  It says its linked but you can\'t actually hear anything unless you press the talk button.  Then it somehow connects.  It loses this connection sometimes and the only way to get it back is to click the talk button.  Not helpful when you don\'t want your child to hear you at that time.  Also, changing volume or any settings involves a very loud beep on the parent unit.  Again, not ideal.  I\'m very disappointed especially since this had been so highly rated.
Product is horrible, don\'t waste your money. This monitor has no white noise but you cannot hear in your childs room until a loud noise occurs. Some times it still doesn\'t register when there is noise. At least my child is older, but this wouldn\'t have lasted if she was younger. I\'ve heard my Daughter yelling and nothing picked up on the monitor. The thing that finally made me go throw this away after 2 months was that it would loose reception 2 to 3 times per night. I would have to turn off the monitor, walk to my daughters room, turn the monitor back on so it would make another connection and then it seemed ok until the next time.
We had to return the set we received as a baby shower gift because one of the handsets wouldn\'t connect/link up to the base. We\'re now in the process of returning the second set because, after two nights of use, the battery refuses to charge on one of the handsets. Not happy with the quality of this set.
I have tried everything to get a charge to keep on the Parent\'s unit to no avail - I will be returning - I have had 4 days and cannot see buying new batteries  so soon.
I bought 2 of these.  The first set - even with a power surge protection system on the house, the unit in the baby\'s room died after the lights went out during a storm.  Called support, said since it was from a storm not their fault.  They must know aobut this issue since they asked me if plugged into a power strip.  I said no since we have the house protection.  But said not covered.  Since it did work so well, I Then bought a second one and added a power strip in the baby\'s room to protect it.  Loved this monitor when we got it.  Worked great.  Could also hear my other children from their rooms thru to in the baby\'s room.  But then - the displays on the receivers have gone out in just 6 months.  Cannot read any words on them at all.  Then last week we had another storm and it knocked out the lights.  And there went the unit in the baby\'s room - with a house power surge protection and a power strip.  Seriously, there is a design flaw in the unit.  Only thing in the house that cannot handle the storm and has 2 protections for it.
We have a Sony baby call for my almost 3 year old, and I\'m about to purchase another one to replace the newer vtech digital, which has given up before my youngest even turns 1. I\'m not even sure when the talk back feature pooped out, but it did, the screen gradually started going blank, and is now completely unreadable. (See \customer photo\). I\'m calling vtech today to see what kind of warranty they have, because this is completely unacceptable. But some of our other vtech toys have pooped out within a year also, and we were unable to get them replaced, so I\'m sure they only run a short warranty on this piece of crap too. There have also been times where it didn\'t pick up the baby crying. I\'m going back to good old analog monitors. They\'re much more reliable, apparently. Or maybe a different digital brand...vtech has lost my business.
Every single night the monitor looses connection.  Sometimes up to three times in a night.  When this happens it makes a beeping noise.  I will re-connect on it\'s own, but the beeping still wakes me up everytime.
Initially my only complaint was the battery life was short. After having the monitor for 5+ months I am very frustrated in the amount of times monitor goes silent. It can vary from a couple seconds to a couple minutes! Thankfully we have a noise maker in the baby\'s room so I know when it is not working otherwise I may not even realize it was doing this.
I had a Sony Babycall Monitor that picked up a lot of interference and white noise so I decided to try something else. Well, I could barely hear my child with this monitor. I had the monitor volume and sensitivity all the way up and could barely hear. I tried moving the monitor around in my child\'s room, but still had no improvement. It is basically useless because I can\'t trust that my child isn\'t actually making noise. Although I don\'t love my Sony monitor, I know I can trust it and that\'s what matters most of all for me.  Amazon customer service was wonderful about giving me a full refund.
I bought this monitor for my in-laws because it used the same technology as my current monitors that I love, but was less expensive. However they keep disconnecting and are horrible. I returned them. I wouldn\'t recommend these to anyone!
This monitor is terrible. The volume is extremely poor even at the highest setting I have to hold it against my ear to see if it is on or not.  They feel flimsy and unsteady. RETURNED.
we bought it from amazon and had used it for one year. We were very satisfied with it, great price, very sensitive to baby sound. However, after the first year, the display started to fade by and by. We could not read the digits on the screen. One month later, the parent\'s part could not even linked to the baby\'s. I have to buy a new monitor now.
I loved it for 8 months but now I hate it. Baby unit won\'t connect anymore so here I am, back to the reviews where I see many people are experiencing the same issue. Is the manufacture going to do anything about this? My problem is even worse once I moved to another country so I don\'t think I will be able to have it repaired.
Parent unit stopped linking to child unit after 2 months.  Most good reviews of this are right after the monitor was purchased, but within a couple months it may stop working like mine did.  Will be returning this piece of junk.
Have had this for about a year. The past month it has developed an almost constant buzzing sound. Have tried repositioning it, turning it off for a \'rest\', but nothing gets rid of the buzz. I will try to contact the manufacturer to see if they have any suggestions. If anyone has a suggestion, please let me know.
Do not buy this product as it is really bad quality. We received ours recently and straight away it developed below issues which deem the product useless.1. One of the power supply doesn\'t work so we end up with one, as the baby unit require constant power ( not battery powered). It\'s almost impossible to use both with only one power supply2. Battery in the parent unit would only hold about 30 minutes. Since we only had one power supply now, it is such a hassle to constantly needing to charge the unit.3. Both baby and parents units turn itself on for no reason randomly. We do not want it on all the time, especially when the parent unit turns itself on and it produces annoying warning beep as the baby unit is not on.In summary, if you want a hassle-free baby monitor that can do the job and with decent battery life, STAY AWAY from this product.
The Sophie Giraffe has a very strong rubber odor and my son doesnt like it. Also, due to the texture it picks up ever the tiniest of dirt or hair and is hard to clean.
Even though the product is sold guaranteeing that it would never discolor, it did after 3 months of use. I expect to receive a replacement or a refund.
We loved this monitor for the first few months but then it stopped working so we now hate it. I just mailed it into Samsung (I paid for the shipping myself... WTF) to have it fixed under warranty and plan to sell it on Craigslist once I get it back. We found a great app that we can use with our iPhone/iPad/Mac called Best Baby Monitor that is only $3.99 and is far more reliable than this piece of junk.
As a testament to how much I hate this monitor... I am an avid Amazon shopper and have never written a review before. I am so fed up with it, I had to vent! We did a TON of research before adding this to our baby registry. With the Samsung name, and decent reviews, we thought we were getting the most reliable option to monitor our baby. We were wrong:1. The device randomly goes out of range and I constantly have to re-pair it in the middle of the night. I am a sleep deprived first time mom, and let me tell you, there is nothing worse than waking up to the annoying out of range beeping sound halfway through my three hour window of sleep between feedings.2. The standard video mode no longer works and we now only have night vision.3. There are basically zero directions or troubleshooting answers to deal with these problems.4. I HATE the annoying music that plays when I turn the device on.  It\'s so loud, you can hear it throughout our three story home, thus waking baby up.5. VOX is hyper sensitive and turns on at the slightest noise. Thought I\'d want that\'s a first time mom, but let me tell you, babies make little noises throughout the night. Desperate for sleep, I hate that our bedroom lights up every time my son makes the slightest peep.The worst part about this device is that it cost so much money. If I were to start over again, I would recommend going with a less costly option so you don\'t feel quite so bitter when dealing with yet another unreliable product from the boondoggle that is the baby industry.
I received this product as part of my baby registry 7 months ago.  The audio portion, which is all we really need now has gone bad, no sound... After speaking with a supervisor at Samsung they told me the only thing they could do for me is setup a repair, where I would have to send it back and wait 1-2 weeks for the product to be &#34;repaired&#34; and then returned to me.  No consideration for the fact that this is a BABY MONITOR, which I would be without for 1-2 weeks.  This completely defeats the purpose of the product, to be without it for up to 2 weeks while they repair the broken audio function.  When working the product was fine but how can this be acceptable.  I even spoke to several layers of Amazon customer service and shockingly they could do nothing to help me either.  Zero compassion from Samsung will make me question every buying another product from them again, the policy simply makes no sense.  I hope that anyone considering buying this product will think twice about Samsungs thoughtless warranty policy.
The monitor was excellent, both in picture and movement sensing. Unfortunately we are now sending the second one we ordered back. Both times it broke after one month of use. First the video started getting fuzzy and it kept saying &#34;out of range&#34; and then the audio was all static and we could hardly hear the baby. We are switching brands this time as we will not chance that it cuts out in the middle of the night when we aren\'t aware of it. It really was great while it worked but it is not worth trying a third one, time for us to move on. Thankful that amazon has wonderful customer service that we know we can count on.
Reviewers. You failed me!This thing worked for 24 hours, then went \out of range\ and would not operate at all. To be clear, it was not out of range.Samsung\'s website wasn\'t helpful. So I called customer service and waited on hold for half an hour.  Finally, I got the lone call center worker, and he told me I had to go online and fill out a form, and get a service ticket, and they\'d get back to me eventually with information on where to ship the faulty device. He told me \this is a known issue.\  I asked how many days until it would be replaced and he didn\'t know.  I asked why are they still being sold if they don\'t work and he said \It is more expensive for Samsung to collect the faulty monitors than it is for us to wait for them to be returned.\  He also told me that Samsung sells the monitors again when they are returned. They are repackaged and sent out to the market again.  Even though they are known to be faulty.I\'m now boycotting Samsung, as I would for any company that knowingly sells a faulty baby safety product. Their customer service was pretty dire.  To his credit, the Samsung rep I spoked to admitted that Samsung was doing something pretty shady.  But he was remorseless. I\'ve concluded I\'m one of many who got duped.UPDATE a few days later:I got a full refund from this seller. Thank you seller! I expected to be hassled over the return, but when I got it instantly, I regretted mailing the monitor back to you wrapped in a diaper. Sometimes I am just not very subtle. I apologize.Another update: To replace this monitor, I ordered a Levana Astra 3.5\ PTZ Digital Baby Video Monitor with Talk to Baby Intercom 32006.  It was EVEN WORSE than this one -see my review of it if you are interested.Another update: I received several phone calls from polite, concerned Samsung personnel over this matter in the immediate aftermath of this review\'s posting.  I made an attempt to return one of the calls, but the callback number directed me to a main Samsung line with a lot of electronic options. Then, I got a letter of apology from the Technical Support staff who had treated my situation with indifference, and a letter from his supervisor.  Both letters apologized for my experience, and both sought to clarify the information that I was given in error, and my misunderstanding of some of it. The letter from the unpleasant technical support worker was especially humble. I was kindly, but aggressively, asked to remove the negative content of my review but I have decided to leave it as is so that shoppers can see real feedback of this product. I did change my headline to reflect my less annoyed position on this consumer experience. \Iffy\ has replaced \faulty.\What I know now is:-Samsung does not re-sell refurbished products that are unlabeled as being refurbished.  They proudly operate in accordance with laws regarding such products. The info I was given that made me believe that was a misspeak on the part of the technician.  He was referring to vendors who re-sell broken Samsung products, not Samsung. (Note: I do not suspect this Amazon seller of doing such a thing)-Samsung believes that my monitor came with information on how to \easily resolve\ the pairing problem I experienced. So, while Samsung is saying that my unit isn\'t a problematic model with known issues, it....is a problematic mode with known issues.-My manual did not have pairing information, however. It declared that the monitor comes already paired, and that was the end of it.  (Other owners, do you have this in your user manual?)  Anyway, if that information was in there, why did the technician I spoke with tell me I needed to mail my unit back to get the pairing problem resolved? He could have just given me the directions on how to fix it. He specifically stated that my model had to be sent away to be repaired, and that this was a known issue.-Therefore, my complaint still stands. Samsung retailers are distributing a product that isn\'t working for some people. Samsung failed to provide technical support when I needed it. And while they are overall very nice, and very friendly, and while I do still like Samsung products, I still had to deal with a product that didn\'t work, and had a bad customer service experience.  Those are facts.  Will I boycott Samsung? No.  And I don\'t think you should either.  But this isn\'t the Most Unexceptional baby monitor on the market.  There is room for improvement.To Samsung: You can have another star if you please stop contacting me!  Thank you for the Starbucks gift card!*****************Update over a month later: Samsung is calling me repeatedly, despite being told several times to leave me alone. Samsung: you cannot harass me into giving your product a better review.  Today I told you to stop calling and I removed a star for my trouble.PS I have had a Motorola baby monitor for about a month now, and it works great! I will review it when I have a moment.>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>Update Feb 26. 2013:Still using my MOTOROLA baby monitor every day. Works like a charm! Added a 2nd camera a month ago, and it\'s easy to pan between them!
After much research, I thought this monitor seemed like the best one out there and so I put it on our baby registry.  We received it and it worked for all of one week before the sound cut out.  A baby monitor without sound is useless, but I probably didn\'t have to tell you that.  When it was working it was pretty neat, and so I returned the broken one for a new one.  The new one arrived and again stopped working after about one week.  This time it kept telling me that the monitor was &#34;out of range&#34; and we could never get a picture.  I will not be giving this baby monitor a third chance, and I recommend that you don\'t even waste your time or money on this product.  Too bad:(
We initially were very happy with this product. We had no issues for the first 3 months of baby\'s life. However, now the charging cable won\'t charge the parent unit and we have to keep the monitor plugged into the wall for constant power. Also, the parent unit doesn\'t consistently display the picture--- sometimes we are getting white snow.I am planning on contacting Samsung customer service tomorrow to get this replaced... I will update with the quality of customer service response.In the mean time, my advice is NOT TO BUY this device. A monitor failing after 3 months is unacceptable.
I had it for less than a year and the sound quit working.  I had it repaired by the manufacturer and it worked for a few months&#8230;now, the sound doesn\'t work again.  I can\'t recommend this product.
We got this monitor as a gift from our baby registry.  It was great for the first couple of months.  Then all of the sudden, the sound stopped working.  The VOX setting has also stopped working, so now when the baby is moving or crying, we don\'t hear anything nor does it light up.  We can still see her if we push the button to turn it on, but can\'t hear anything going on in the room. I\'m hoping to get a replacement, but waiting on the response from customer service.
We added this video monitor sold through Soltech Security to our baby registry.  Upon receipt everything worked fine.There are a few minor quirks mentioned in other reviews.-The lack of an option to turn off the loud start-up sound-Battery life on Video Monitor is short ~4-6 hours (with intermittent checking of video)But video and audio quality were great at purchase.However after 3-4 months with this monitor the audio does not work.  Even at max volume you can barely hear the baby crying.We have tried restarting and pairing the monitor and camera again but it makes no difference.  The monitor speaker seems fine as the annoying start up sound is as loud as ever.  But the microphone doesn\'t seem to pick up any noise.Looking at other reviews this is not a rare issue.Until this issue is resolved either by Samsung or the seller, I would recommend not purchasing this product.
I\'ve always been happy with Samsung products but this one is a miss. The camera came paired with the handset but after accidentally un-pairing the two through the not so intuitive menu I was unable to ever get the two to pair again. I pretty much tried everything I read online including taking them to different locations in the hope that there was some kind of interference in my house that was messing with the pairing. No such luck so it\'s been returned.
Was very happy to receive this rather expensive unit as a gift, and it seemed to work great when we set it up.  By morning the monitor had lost connection to the camera.  When I tried to pair them again the monitor could not find the camera.  Tried many times, tried a factory reset.  The camera and monitor turn on, and everything else seems to work, but they can\'t communicate with each other.Called Samsung tech support.  The rep (who was the most surly, uncommunicative, possibly hungover support rep I\'ve ever spoken to) told me to try a factory reset.  When that didn\'t work, he typed silently for 5 minutes, and then told me to send it in for repairs.  (I pay to ship it, no local repair possibilities)I understand that defects happen, but it would be nice for a company to take responsibility when their products don\'t work.  Especially when it\'s a product that is necessary for the safety of an infant.There is also apparently a known and common problem with the microphone on this product failing.
Bummed. Just got it and its not working right. Little to no sound coming from monitor. I cant hear my baby cry so now its a useless monitor.
Awful baby monitor.  In less than a year, this hunk of junk malfunctioned twice.  Additionally, Samsung has the worst customer service experience I\'ve ever dealt with.  I\'m pretty sure they have one person working their technical and returns department.  So if you have an issue, good luck.  Rather than paying $45 for the repair (since the new one they sent me a few months ago already broke and is out of warrant - convenient), I\'m tossing the thing and buying a Summers Infant monitor.  Do yourself a favor and run away from this monitor.  The range is awful.  The handset will flash between day and night mode for no reason.  The sound will malfunction.  And you\'ll be stuck dealing with a miserable company.
the message &#8220;Out of Range &#8220; is in the monitor all the time , I tried to pair with the camera  many times but still not working ,  , I called Samsung customer Service and we tried together to pair the camera with the monitor but this was not possible so they told me to send a repair form because my baby monitor is not even a year .but the samsung customer service is terrible they did not answer the questions and even the repair form did not work.I bought this unit by last year in October so I am very disappointed about samsung  this is a very bad unit.I am also very disappointed about Amazon customer service because they told me that they will give me another option to resolve the problem but they never call me back or even answer the mails.SO ONE STAR IS TOO MUCH FOR THIS WASTE OF MONEY
I did tons of research when looking for the best video baby monitor for my new born. I thought i would try this one because of the brand (Samsung) we have a lot of their products and have been satisfied. I took this monitor out of the box, plugged it up and it said &#34;out of range&#34; immediately. The manual said that it comes paired but in fact it did not. I did everything that the manual said to do in order to try to pair the camera and the parent set and nothing worked!!! This product i too expensive to be having these issues. i didn\'t even get to use it!
Love the video feature and the ability to move and zoom the camera but sound stopped working within a couple of months.  I keep trying to complete the repair form online that customer service sent to me but whenever I fill it out I get an error message.  Customer service hasn\'t been helpful at all especially when I don\'t have a long period of time to sit on hold while I have an infant at home.  Its brand new but I\'m going to be stuck purchasing a different monitor all because I can\'t get this one fixed.  I usually love Samsung products but will be purchasing something else.
I have had this monitor for a couple of months and every day I am frustrated by it.  This is for my 3rd child and I had the Summer Infant monitors prior and would definitely recommend it over this Samusung.  The night vision is a hit and miss feature.  Needless to say this is very frustrating as I need to see what my baby is doing in her crib.  I have tried to contact Samsung to discuss this, but it is almost impossible to get anyone from Samsung on the phone...so i have sent emails to customer service.  It is also goes out of range constantly.  Do not waste your money or time on this monitor!
I started using this monitor in September when my baby turned 6 months and we transitioned him into his own bedroom.  It worked great for a while, but now after using it for 8 months the sound does not work.  I would expect a product at this price point to have a longer life.
I received this from my baby registry.  We have been using it for 2 months and today it decided to have the same audio issue as all the other bad reviews.  Since we use it with the VOX function that only comes on when there is sound, the video doesn\'t come on anymore unless I manually turn it on.  I woke up hearing my son screaming through the walls and the monitor was not on.  I tried contacting Amazon, but they said since they were not the seller they cannot help me.  I am very frustrated and hope the seller can resolve this.
In the process of getting a refund on this unit.  Problems with the first unit.  Samsung sent a new unit.  Issues with the replacement.  Save yourself time and pick another monitor.  Samsung is a pain to deal with.  Won\'t answer phone calls, etc.
I have absolutly LOVED this tub!! We got it befor our first son was born, he is now 13 months and we still use it.  We are expecting our second child soon, and I have no intention of buying any other tub.  We had the same problem as many others, with the leaking, but once we made sure the tub was fully extended there were no other problems.  The sling worked beautifully until our son could sit on his own, and now we use the green bar.  I worked as a nanny for over 10 years befor I got pregnant and I have never seen a better tub!  I also have two slipped discs in my lower back...and now a HUGE belly, this product allows you to bath your child on a counter top or table top for and much longer time period than the others...this as allowed me to refrane from having to bend over during bath time, making this tub a life/back saver!!!  It was also wonderful because I could use this tub right away for sponge baths and still had no need to bend over which made post c-section healing much easier, and sponge baths less messy.  I HIGHLY recomend this product!!
I\'m shocked by all of the other reviews on this particular product.  Many complain that it\'s too small for their sink...hello!!!  It wasn\'t made for a SINK.  Anyway,...I love this tub.  I wouldn\'t want any other one.  It was the most convenient when my son needed to be on the sling =perfect=, and now that he\'s sitting up,... it\'s even more convenient.  Please ignore the negative reviews and I highly consider buying this product.  It may be the only tub you will buy in you child\' early stages.
I think this tub is great!  I got if for a shower gift about two years ago.  When my husband first put it together it leaked, but it hadn\'t been put together correctly.  My son is almost two and we are still using it, and we have had no problems.  I strongly recommend this product.
I love this tub.  I think it was a great idea.  This works as a wonderful transition from a baby tub to the adult tub.  I bought it when my son was starting to sit, I didn\'t have to worry about a bath seats suctions not working and my son tipping over. Also I know it is hard to get older babies in and out of a regular bath seat without scraping knees. This bath seats clips on so I put him in the bathtub first, then just clip the seat on around him.  He can sit in the tub and play with his toys keeping everything within arms reach of him.  Its much better than filling an entire tub for such a little person.  It does leak a little, but I just put it in our tub so it doesn\'t matter.  This is a good idea anyway to get them used to the adult tub for when they do eventually have to use it.  I am not sure I would want it for a small infant.  I never used the sling/hammock thing.
My daughter weighed only 4lbs when she was born, so this tub with the sling option saved me.  She was to tiny to be in the sink for a bath and this tub was just what I needed.  She enjoyed every bath in the 4-in-1 tub, the sling was perfect, then she graduated to the ring to help her sit still, and then the tub by itself she enjoys so very much. Once this tub was open and all the locks snapped in place we just lifted up the suction cups and placed it against the side of the tub to dry for her next bath.  No leaks, no problems, EVER!!
This was a fantastic tub for us.  We used the sling over the sink in the bathroom for the first two months (we put one end on the countertop and the other in the sink so it was mostly flat).  This was great for me to bathe my baby since I had a c-section and no desire to bend over the side of the tub.  After that, we used the sling in the baby tub in a real bathtub.  Why use it outside of one?  It is really easy to fill, empty and rinse out when in a real tub, plus it gets your child used to being in the big bathtub.  We just set the sling in the bottom of the tub and didn\'t prop it up like the photos show.  No slidey baby that way.  My daughter used it until she was almost 13 months old.  I\'d definitely buy it again.
I received this bath as a shower gift (I had registered for it).  I used the tub for my daughter from the very beginning.  The sling was perfect to wash her for it let her lay back and not get water in her face when washing her hair.  I read in one review that the cloth on the sling got smelly.  Well, you have to take it off and wash it.  It does have that ability.  I used this tub until my daughter turned one.  I loved the tub and I still have it and will use it again if I have anymore children.
I originally bought the Euro bath as it was rated highly in the Baby bargains book.  However, once our baby was big enough to use it, she kept sliding down and it looked VERY uncomfortable.  I tried putting a towel under her and behind her back, but it was just very frustrating.  I then bought the tubside bath seat, but didn\'t like that either.  The seat sits well over an inch above the bottom of the tub, so you need to use quite a bit of water to get it up to her legs.  I know you aren\'t supposed to use a lot of water, by my little girl likes to kick her legs and splash.  So, I finally bought the 4 in 1 tub.  I wish I had gotten it from infancy.  It has a sling to use when the baby is really tiny, then when your baby can sit, the blue piece spins around so your baby is supported in a circle.  Our baby is almost 10 months and I am just about ready to turn the blue piece so she doesn\'t have it in front of her anymore.  Once she is too big for that, we can then move into the Euro bath and hopefully get a few years out of that.  Why use a ton of water when you can fill one of these tubs instead.  Plus I just feel more comfortable having our baby in more of a confined space.
I absolutely love this bathtub.  I used the sling when my daughter couldn\'t sit up and now she sits in the ring part of the tub.  It is a perfect size for an infant.  My daughter is 8 months old and I think she\'ll be able to use this tub for a few more months.
I found this one item to be an amazing value for the money.  The sling was helpful in the early weeks of my daughter\'s life for baths in the sink.  After she was old enough for baths in the tub we put this tub up on our kitchen counter for easy access - the sling worked great in the tub too.She used the bathring until about 18 months and then just the tub alone until recently. My daughter is 22 months and she just started taking baths in our bathtub instead of in this tub.  We never had any problems with it - and we loved the fact that it helped save water (important to us here in the SW) by not having to fill a big bathtub for just her.I would definitely recommend this product.
My little one is six months now and LOVES his bathtime. He giggles and splashes and feels very safe and comfortable in his little tub. I never used the sling in the sink. We went right into the little tub with the sling at first. We have never had any problems. I put his little tub in the normal, big tub and that works great. That way I can climb in the big tub, stay dry and be right by his side. I would definately recommend it to others.
This 4-in-1 Bath Station has been wonderful.  It\'s the perfect size for a newborn to toddler.  We have used the sling by itself by the sink for our daughter as a newborn.  We just used this method to sponge bath her and not worry about a newborn in a bath of water.  As she grew, we used the sling in the tub, then progressed with the various stages to help her sit up.  I never worried about her in the tub, though of course, I never left her alone either.  The tub grew with her through varies stages of development.  It was very helpful, and perfect to bathe her, no matter her age.  It is one of few items to use for a new child from the day she was brought home from the hospital to 3 years old!
I love the bath station. It has made bath time a breeze!! It was a bit difficult to get the bath adjusted, to prevent the water leaking out, but after that it was smooth sailing. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone with a baby.I cant wait to transition as the baby grows.
We got it for our son at my baby shower, and the first time we used u it, it was great, it was not hard to use, and it did not leak, my son loved it too.
my kids love this bath tub.  its safe for them and convienant for me.
My mom bought this for us after she decided that the bath chair we already owned was not good enough.  This has been the best bathtub we could have ever wanted!  The newborn sling is nice, and lets baby have contact with the water without feeling overwhelmed.  Our baby didn\'t really like bath time until he could sit up by himself, and at that point this bath tub became a necessity.  Baby loves to explore the tub, and the secure bath ring helps keep him safely and securely in one place.  He is now almost 20 mos and we still use it with the bath ring in place because he likes it better that way, too!  I especially like it because I don\'t have to worry about him slipping under the water accidentally if I look away for a second to get his towel ready or something.  We had a problem with leaking at first, too, but once we read the instructions and pushed the bottom down securely, we haven\'t had a problem since.
I had previously registered for another tub, though had to begin my research all over after my 6 month baby girl got her legs caught in the last tub.  This is an incredible tub..no leaking, great suction &amp; no rough parts to scrape our little angel.  We started using this tub when she was 6 month old so the first &amp; second stage of the tub I can not comment on..howver stage three is a delight for mother &amp; daughter...She loves her baths.  We keep it in our tub &amp; it works like a dream.  I highly reccommend this tub for new parents!!
We had this tub with our first daughter, loved it then and we love it now.We had let our daughter use it with her outside toys when she outgrew it, so we had to buy a new one with our new baby.We had a problem the first night with leaking-that was because it had been nearly 3 years since we had used this type of tub and we didnt bother to read the instructions. Once my husband read the instructions, we were fine.It grew with our daughter. We used the sling, to the holding bar, to the actual tub. My husband says its economical, because we didnt have to fill a regular tub, saving water and energy. He is the penny pincher in this family.I highly recommend this product. I have actually bought this as a shower gift for a couple of my friends.
I agree with everything jrcaesar said in the previous review, in fact he/she saved me quite a bit of typing. I have been using this tub for a week now, after using the Safety 1st Space Saver tub from 6 weeks til 8 1/2 months. What more can I say, I love it, my daughter loves it. We put it up on the kitchen counter and when we\'re done, we drag the end over the edge of the sink and pull the plug. No mess besides the water my daughter kicks all over the kitchen, and that\'s to be expected! P.S. The locking tabs get easier with time as long as you properly assemble the tub on a regular basis.
After using this bathtub every night for the past 27 months, I am about to order another one for baby #2.  I came across the online reviews and was very surprised to read about leaks.  Ours has never leaked.  I find it very easy to use, and I love its ability to adapt as your baby grows.  I do recall that it required some strength to assemble the first time, but putting it together was not nearly as difficult as many other baby products.  This tub is easy to fill up quickly so that you aren\'t spending excessive time drawing the bath rather than watching your child.  Its rounded plastic is comfortable for baby.  Plus, it doesn\'t lose water every time your child leans on it like the inflatable bath tubs do.  It is just the right size for a toddler and their bath toys.If you don\'t think you like this tub, give it a second chance.  It may work for you as a toddler tub stationed in your regular bathtub.
I bought this tub when my twins were born and after setting it up for the first time AFTER following the directions, we had no problems with it.  The sling is very portable and was great for our many trips with the twins as infants.  As they got bigger I LOVED the bath ring feature.  And I felt like I was doing the enviroment a service as they approached 1 year when I wasn\'t filling the whole tub with water to bathe one tiny baby in.The suction cups work great as long as you don\'t have decals, etc on the floor of your tub.  There was no leaks, it was a great fit for the baby, no problems.I bought this tub again for my 3rd child and after setting it up following the directions again, it was leaking.  I called the company and told them I had a previously great experience with another one of this model tub without leaking.  They asked me about my set up and once they were assured it was done correctly,  they shipped me out a new one immediately.  They said that they did have a problem a while back with the seal leaking and this could have been one of the older tubs.  The new one works great and I love this tub all over again!!I highly recommend you get this tub...just set it up properly the first time.  You really have to press hard in the approprate spaces to seal it tightly!!!
I loved this tub! First of all though, I never took it apart. My kids have their own bathroom and we just left it set up! I loved the sling as I did the bath ring. I did try the free standing bath rings and found that 9 out of 10 times it did not stay attached to the tub. I am actually pregnant again and am buying the same one a second time b/c I got rid of my first one. I loved it!
The sling is very secure - even in a round shaped sink, and provided me and my baby with a much more comfortable bath time session. My daughter - 5 weeks old- rested comfortably on the sling and enjoyed her bath. I pray it does not leak
We had gotten this tub as a gift from the inlaws.  I did read the reviews at that time and most had been poor reviews, however we tried it anyway.  We love the tub!  Some of the reviews had complained that the tub leaked but as long as you follow the instructions there is no problem.  My son is now six months old and we have used this tub since he came home from the hospital.  The sling was wonderful and now he is old enough to sit up in the tub.  He just loves it.
My baby girl is 8 months this month &amp; I have enjoyed it since her first bath! Since Macy was learning to sit on her own the ring has been there to prevent her from falling forward accidentally or when she reaches forward &amp; has been a great idea. The only thing is I think it could use some foam padding around the ring, though that plastic isn\'t harmful just would be more comfy I think. I would recommend it! I have to my sister expecting in April! Great Gift Idea! Good luck Brandi!
He likes chewing on all the parts especially the head and the ears! It has helped when he has been cranky because of teething. Great purchase!
My son loves this toy and fits great in the diaper bag. Also very easy to clean, just run right under the water. Seems to help him when he is getting a tooth.
All the moms in my moms\' group got Sophie for their babies so I wondered if there was something to the hype and got one too. My daughter LOVES Sophie. Kids really do love this thing. If we, heaven forbid, ever lost Sophie I\'d have to run out and buy another one!
I was a little skeptical on whether Sophie was going to be worth the money, but after it arrived today I am very happy that I bought her.  My is almost 6 months old and is getting his two bottom teeth and he has not put her down all day.  He even carried her in his hands for 20 minutes while I shopped with him in the Bjorn.  Everything about this toy is wonderful.  Even the Squeak is not like some of those annoying squeaker toys out there.  If you are thinking about rather or not to buy Sophie take it from me and buy her you will not be disappointed!
I have been reading about Sophie and was going back and forth about whether to buy it for my little boy.  He is seven months old and everything goes in his mouth.  One of our friends gave him one last night for an early Christmas present and our baby is already in love with Sophie.  He cannot get enough of chewing on her.  The squeak is making our dog (a Rhodesian Ridgeback) a little jealous, so we\'re limiting playing with Sophie to only in the Pack and Play.  Sophie was easy for baby to grab and perfect for our late teether.
My neice loves her sophie and has spent hours drooling, chewing, throwing, squeezing and hitting her. Additionally they love to squeak and squeal back and forth at each other in delight.
What a friendly face!  And those mesmerizing spots!  She\'s soft, easy to grab and chew on, and the squeak is sweet.  Be careful when you wash her though, cover up her \squeak hole\ so you don\'t get water inside.
We got this just for my son to chew on instead of anything he could cram in his mouth. He loved the feel of it I guess. It\'s rubber but  a strange type of rubber unlike anything I had seen before. I even took a chew on it once just to see what the fuss was about. It was slightly harder than I though it would be but clearly soothing to his little sore gums.It washed up easily but never really seemed to get &#34;dirty&#34; although it likely never even seen any dirt. Today it looks as new as we got it although some of the paint has worn off which is fine because its non toxic.
This product is without a doubt the best on the market. I have bought so many teethers and this is the only one my son likes. He mainly chews on her legs, but loves to just hold her as well. She works for teething and simply a toy. I would recommend this product to any and everyone, infact I am going to buy a few more and give them as shower gifts. The inexpensive price is a plus :) Just beware if you have a dog, she squeaks so puppies think she belongs to them :)!!!
I hear my wife talking about &#34;Sophie the Giraffe&#34; and that she wanted one for our daughter. I looked it up on Amazon and was astounded that it was $20.00, but when I gave it to my daughter who proceeded to munch on Sophie\'s head and feet the price was no big deal. She loves it and my wife loves it bc it is all natural. Great product. You wont regret buying it for your little one.
I splurged and got this for my teething baby.  At first, he couldn\'t quite get any piece in his mouth.  He was only about 3 months and a tiny guy.  Now, at 9 months, this goes everywhere with us!  The squeaker took a little getting used to, but it\'s fine.  An older lady at a restaurant said \'Ugh, look at that poor baby, they are making him play with a dog toy!&#34;  Pssshh, who cares he loves it, and loves to make it squeak!

My 5 month-old baby loves his Sophie. One of his best hobbies is chew the giraffe ears. And neck. And legs...
My nine month old has had Sophie since she was three months old. Not only has Sophie been a great teether since she is chewy, easy to grab, and has a lot of ends to chew on, my daughter has also found her to be a great comfort when she is in pain from teething or just upset. We squeak Sophie a few times and she never fails to deliver a smile! We never leave the house without her! We\'ve noticed that slowly Sophie\'s food grade safe coloring is fading or coming off but she is made with 100% safe chemicals so we\'re not worried. I will be purchasing her as gifts for new moms and my own children in the future!-Adrienne
I thought Sophie was an expensive for a baby toy -- but after reading the reviews, I decided to buy her. So glad I did! My 6 month old loves her! Seems to help a lot with his teething.
The giraffe never left my grandaughter\'s hands or sight (5 1/2 mos old) once she received this for Christmas.It is eye catching, soft, durable, hopefully, and so soothing to her gums. The squeaker is tolerable as well!I recommend it for a teething, semi soft toy!
My son loves this giraffe, it\'s perfect for teething and is entertaining with the squeaky sound that it makes. The ears and horns and hooves are great for a baby to stick in his mouth.
My child loved this when he was teething and now he just plays with it as a regular toy. Very cute yet the squeaker does get annoying :) it\'s perfect for a teething baby!!
My 3 month old was just starting to show interest in grabbing things, so I bought this in advance. She grabbed it and put it to her mouth at first glance!
The Vulli Sophie giraffe teether is the greatest little toy for an infant!  It is easy to hang on to, the child can chew on the head, legs, neck, etc.It has been loved by all who have received it from me.
Just as described. Wonderful product. Babies love this! They can bite any area on Sofie and find her stimulating and occupy their time nicely. Item came quickly and efficiently. No issues with seller.
Both my 4 month old and my dog love Sophie the Giraffe. She squeaks like a dog toy which makes things a little confusing for my pup. But my baby is teething now and loves to gnaw on Sophie - her face, her legs - any part he can get in his mouth. I\'m not sure what it is about this toy but he loves it so I can\'t complain!Update: 11/2013Well, Sophie is cute, and absolutely everyone has one. But... in hindsight, I think it was a waste of money. My son gnawed on her for maybe 2 weeks and then moved on. For the price, I could\'ve bought 5 different teething toys instead of just this one.I think at this point Sophie has become a must-have toy because it\'s so pervasive in the new mommy culture, but really... I\'m just not impressed. Several other moms I know have said the same. It\'s cute and makes a great gift... but it\'s really not used much for what its intended.

My son hated all teething toys. As soon as I handed Vulli Sophie over to him he was able to get his small hands around the giraffe and use it as a teether and toy. Definitely a good buy.
Bought this early.  I bought it because I feel it will be easy to hold and to add a Pacifier strap when shopping.  I feel it will do great.
This squeaky toy is great for teething babies. it\'s durable, flexible and just plain fun. The paint has come off a bit after continued use, but that\'s to be expected.
My 5 month old baby daughter loves her Sophie!!! It\'s easy for her to hold and put in her mouth. She is starting to get two teeth and this is definitely her preferred teether.
This is a must have for any baby.  We have tons of different typs of \teethers\ in our house but my son loves Sophie!  Not only does he love to chew on her but the sqeaking sound helps to calm him down.
This teether is made of a soft all-natural rubber. It has legs that can be chewed on, a nice long neck, as well as head and ears that are great for teething babies too. It does squeak when squeezed or bitten, which initially scared my son, but when he is in the right mood he loves it! It is lightweight so babies can actually hold it on their own, unlike so many teethers we have. My 5 month-old is having a blast with his new Sophie Giraffe!
My son loves to chew on his Sophie. He is just starting to teeth  and he uses this as one of his favorite chews. He also is now starting to reconize sophie squeak. When I squeak it he will turn his head and look for it.
I got Sophie for my almost 5 month old daughter today. She wouldn\'t put Sophie down! She chewed on Sophie\'s ears, horns and, especially, hooves. Sophie is the best teether we\'ve ever had! I wish I had gotten Sophie for my first son 5 years ago. Yes, she is pricey, but Sophie is worth every penny when you see the comfort she gives your teething baby. I\'m considering buying a second Sophie to keep in the diaper bag.
I didn\'t buy this in amazon, but it had to write a review. My baby loves Sophie the Giraffe. Now he can grab toys with his hands and I need to bring Sophie everywhere we go. Expensive but worth it!
This was one of the first toys that I bought my daughter .  She loved it!  From the beginning it was one of her favorites.  She loved chewing on it when she was teething, and spent many happy moments experimenting with different ways to make it squeak - stepping on it, shaking it, biting it, squeazing it, etc....  It\'s surprisingly resiliant, and it\'s so cute!  Not to mention that it\'s natural rubber and non-toxic so I felt comfortable with her putting it in her mouth.  Now she\'s almost 2 and she still loves her Sophie.  It\'s definitely a keeper in case I have any more children - hopefully my daughter will be able to share!
This is a wonderfully designed product, and has already gotten a lot of use! Because it is made out of natural rubber, there are no worries about harmful plastics. The vendor provides quick, safe shipping. A great purchase.
My son adores his Sophie. He is constantly chewing on her. We keep her in our diaper bag and she goes everywhere with us. She was a perfect toy for our son to hold before he was able to grip very well because she is very light. A word of caution: She does squeak like a dog toy!
I bought several things for my baby to teethe on and she did not like any of them. She wouldn\'t &#34;chew&#34; on them. Finally when Sophie the Giraffe arrived our prayers were answered! She loves it and chews on it all the time especially the legs. I highly recommend this product.
Little baby love sucking and chewing on these little Sophie giraffes! I see so many fashionable little babies being strolled around the Rose Bowl with their little Sophies. Pretty cute how popular these teethers are!
My daughter loves to chew on Sophie.  It is easily gripped by babies and the squeak is such a surprise as they chew on any part of her.
I bought Sophie for my daughter after hearing rave reviews about her. We were not disappointed. We love Sophie! She\'s made of soft rubber, she squeaks, and she\'s the perfect size for little baby hands to hold on to. We actually lost her at the mall and had to order another one ASAP because my daughter loves her so much. She is absolutely worth every penny.
I got this for a Christmas gift for my eight month old, who is teething and putting everything in his mouth. He loves this toy. It is very soft and makes a squeaky sound if you touch it even the tiniest bit.  I was expecting a hard, bigger rubber toy, but this one is very malleable and is only about 7 or 8 inches tall. Easily washable. Love it!
Great price compared to other stores! My little girl loves it! Box was a little damaged but didn\'t matter since I wasn\'t giving as a gift.
This is my four month olds favorite toy by far.  It\'s the only thing she can grasp and keep a hold of without getting frustrated.  My daughter is very active and this is the one toy that she\'ll sit still and gnaw on for minutes on end.  Definitely worth the money!
My 5 month old loves this toy! It\'s easy for her to hold, made of a very soft and durable material, and she\'ll chew on it for hours througout the day.
this is really a great item for baby, he adores it and it squeaks all over, i would def. recommend this item.
Came in great condition. My son loves her. Totally worth the money. Wish I would have knew bout her back in the day.
My 5 month old loves Sophie! We gave it to him for Christmas and she\'s been one of his favorites every since. A little expensive, but worth it!
This is adorable, I love the story of it being created decades ago and still remaining exactly the same in virtually every way. My little 3 1/2 month old daughter is totally in love with it, we got her one for xmas,and really, it\'s the only toy we\'ve seen her get in to so far - pretty cool! I\'d say this is a highly recommended baby toy. not only is it ridiculously adorable, the squeak keeps them interested and there\'s all kinds of neato textures for your tiny one to chew on and explore - yum, this ones worth the pricey tag, it\'s a total keeper! A++++++++++ all the way!
Yes, it\'s expensive.  But it works and it\'s cute.  Who cares when my son gnaws on Sophie and stops fussing due to teething pain?!  You can\'t fully wash it (immerse it in water) because water gets into the body, but you can easily sponge it down with soap, so it\'s all good.  Love it, but more importantly, my son loves her.
My grandson\'s new Favorite toy!!! I love it, because He loves it!!  All of his little friends in his play group also have a Sophie, I would recommend this little giraffe for any child, teething or not.
Sophie saved my life countless times during my childrens\' teething months. That squeaky, chewy, irresistible toy is just the ticket. My babies would attack Sophie as soon as I pulled her out. And she\'s really cute too. When a parent finds something that saves their life, they tend to rave about it. I\'m ravin\'!
Sophie is pretty much the only teether my son cares for. I have to admit, I was a little skeptical when I ordered Sophie, but she really is worth the money. Knowing that your child is chewing on a toy that is completely safe, justifies the price. When the description said \soft\, I was thinking like foam-like but it\'s a very soft plastic. It\'s easy to hold on to for my 4 month old. He loves to chew on Sophie\'s legs. We take her everywhere with us!
I love this giraffe, I think it is so cute. I thought it was a little expensive at first, but bought it anyway. It is very durable, my daughter used to chew on it when she was teething now she is 17 months and still plays with it on occasion. She can make it squeak now and she likes that.
Our son refuses to take a paci, but loves to chew on things. We have had a hard time finding anything that keeps him interested for more than a few minutes (that isn\'t paper) but this Sophie has worked wonders! We first saw this at a friend\'s baby shower and I originally thought it was a dog\'s chew toy, but our son loved it so much I had to track one down. As expensive as it is compared to other teethers, for us it was well worth the purchase! The squeaker in side keeps him happy for longer periods of time than other teethers and the long legs and neck give him something to easily grip or chew on. Perfect!
The Sophie Giraffe has been a favorite of my son since he was 2 1/2 months old and could hold it for short periods of time. He is now 8 months and still loves it. He uses it to chew on when he is teething and uses it to play with when he is not.  It was a great investment.
Our baby loves this.  Would like to see more products of this quality. The packaging is great and even includes a short story of how the product is made.
I got this as a gift. My baby loves chewing on Sophie\'s ears. I do like it that it\'s natural and painted with food paint. But I\'m not sure I\'d pay almost $20 for this. It\'s a good product but a bit pricy for a teething toy.
I received this as a gift two years ago with my first daughter, who loved it.  Now my second daughter has adopted it and loves it even more.  Excellent quality, easy to clean, and both my girls love it!
I got this Vulli Sophie for my 3 month old and he loves it !!! It is so so cute!!!My 2 year old Loves is too!!!!
Yes, we have a back up just in case. I know parents that have had to run out in the middle of the night to buy a replacement when theirs was misplaced.  I see these with almost every baby when we are out and for good reason.  Sophie is durable, great to chew on, and pleasant to see and squeak.  Boy or girl, Sophie is a winner and a great gift.  I gave one to our niece and seems to be the gift to give when we have a new addition. You will know this toy is worth every penny when it entertains and serves as a teether.
I bought Sophie for my 4 month old granddaughter who is showing signs of teething. Dispite her limited ability to grasp toys, Sophie\'s design fits easily into her tiny hands and quickly has become our families go to toy to comfort her in her fussiness. A commonly heard phrase in our home is &#34;Where\'s Sophie?&#34;
I ordered the two pack for two different grandbabies who will be born soon.  Each giraffe came in its own box which was helpful since they were separate gifts.  It is amazing how popular this toy is with teething babies.  Those soft legs must feel just right on those tiny gums.
You can\'t go wrong with Sophie. I\'ve never met a baby who didn\'t like this toy. Product arrived on time and as described.
Our son really likes Sopie...the problem is that with every smile he has from her squeaker, so too are our dogs summoned to Sophie...at which point they try to be sneaky and steal her.  I know that there will be one morning that I forget to put her out of reach and they\'ll swiftly tear her apart.  But this is the price we pay for having 4-legged and 2-legged children.  My son enjoys this toy for the squeaker and due to the ease at which he can hold it.  His small mouth (4 months old) has some difficulty chewing on her.  He chews her ears, but I think he wishes they were a little bigger so he could get them further back (if they made a bunny rabbit it would be perfect for him).  I considered getting the smaller Sophie teether, but I figured that he could grow into this one.  Overall, it\'s a good purchase and I know our son will be searching out Sophie among his other toys.
I got this for my baby shower before our little guy was born, he has loved it since he was about 2 months old. When he was very little he loved to hear the squeak that Sophie makes and he liked to watch her dance (we were making her dance). When he started teething at 4 months (and continuing to now when he is a year) this has worked so much better for him than teething rings. He shoves one of her foot/legs into whatever corner of his mouth is hurting and starts chomping. The rings only work for the front of babies mouths, Sophie can fit in all corners!! Sophie is a bit more expensive than most teethers but she has a lot going for her. She is made of all natural rubber, from France (no risk of China getting lead into this lady!), super sturdy, and still entertains my one year old! The price here on Amazon is also better than you can find practically anywhere.
My baby girl started to teethe early, but I didn\'t want to spend $20 on what looked like a dog squeaky toy.  I have read the reviews, and have other mommy friends that swore by this toy. Finally when she was 4 months old, I broke down and ordered it from Amazon when it was on sale for $18.I cannot believe how much my baby adores this thing. At 11 months old, she is working on tooth #8...and STILL loves to play with Sophie. It doesn\'t hurt that my baby LOVES giraffes...but I believe this toy soothes in ways I cannot even imagine. It is made of very soft rubber and it does squeak. She loves to chew on the feet and her nose. After a while the paint does start to wear off, but I doubt its harmful.If you are debating on whether or not to get this for your baby, then you should. I know it seems crazy, but it works!
This little Sophie has so many angles to it and is so soft and managable by the littlest baby.  One of the first things they coordinate.  It also is a soft teething toy and very durable.  I highly recommend Sophie as a gift or accessory to the main gift.
My 5mo daughter is completely in love with Sophie the Giraffe and so am I.  My daughter\'s been playing with Sophie since she was about 2 months old.  Her face lights up and she reaches for Sophie when we show it to her.  She loves to chew on Sophie\'s ears, nose and legs and she gets excited when she makes her squeak.  I love Sophie because she\'s made from natural rubber and I don\'t have to worry that my daughter\'s chewing and sucking on something that may be slowly poisoning her.  Sophie\'s a great gift for a new baby!
I almost gagged when my wife showed me the price but my little guy loves it.  The texture on it is great and it has proven very durable.  The squeaker in it has suffered all kinds of abuses and it is still going strong.  Hands down the best teether we have used.
I bought Vulli Sophie the Giraffe Teether for my niece Winny.  It is now her favorite toy.  She carries this giraffe with here everywhere.  I really score big points buying this for her.
Great toy... easy washes... The only problem I\'ve had is my son chokes on the legs all the time... maybe he should stop trying to eat the toy... I wish more of this brand was sold locally...
My daughter loves this product but the long legs can be a choking hazard. Please be careful because my daughter loves to chew on this toy.
I thought for sure that his teether was all hype but low and behold- my little guy LOVES it! It is by far his favorite thing to chew on. I definitely recommend it!
A great teething product. The sweetest face and the feel good to the gums feeling it gives babies is exceptional.
I had read great reviews on the Sophie so I decided to get one for my six month old son.  He loves it!  He was just starting to get his teeth when we purchased it and while he was resistant to chewing on other teethers, he went straight for the ears and legs when we gave him the Sophie.  He likes the sounds it makes too.  Even though this item is a bit over-priced, I would highly recommend it!
was a big hit with the teething two year old i have it to.  became his constant companion and his mother loved that it soothed him through teething.
After reading many reviews on Amazon I decided to buy this for my daughter. She is 6 months now and loves Sophie. Sophie is so flexible for baby\'s little mouth. She enjoys it. I agree with others that you dont have to buy any other teether once you buy this. It also makes sound when you press her and that amuses my baby so much. Mommy & baby love this product.
Sophie is the teething choice in our family. A real winner with all the grandchildren. Great toy even for just play time.
Let me just start off by addressing the choking \issue\ I keep reading about. Please don\'t leave your child unattended with this toy (or most toys), and you won\'t have to worry about choking.  I\'m pretty sure the instructions probably say that, but in this case it\'s especially important- I can see how the back legs could get wedged-but the long legs are why baby loves it so much!Moving on, hubby was WAY skeptical about putting this on our registry (and then buying it when no one purchased it for us).  He said \that had better be one magical toy\.  And now he admits that it is, and that it was worth the money.Our little guy adores his Sophie, and it was one of the first toys he could hold onto and chew on, starting when his chewing obsession began around 2 months.  Now, at almost 9 months, he\'s still chewing away, and also adores playing \Peekaboo\ with Sophie, when she squeaks just out of sight, and then appears.My only (very minor) complaints are that 1) it can be a bit of a dirt attracter because of the material (as are the other silicone-type teethers- not just specific to Sophie).  2) If you have a dog, they may think the toy is theirs.  We can\'t send Sophie along to the babysitter\'s house because her dog goes nuts.Overall, a MUST HAVE baby item.  No question.
Great product the baby smiled right away when she saw it. She started to chew on it right away and love the squeak noise it makes.
I loved reading the story that comes with Sophie, about how this toy is made just as it was in 1956, in the same process from the same all natural materials (tree sap or natural rubber).  I have tried dozens of teether toys with both my daughters, my 5 month old loves chewing on sophie\'s feet or head. She smiles when I squeak her. if I give her one of the wooden teething toys she cries (too hard and big/heavy) and if I give her the plastic rings, she also cries (again I think too hard). Sophie is amazingly soft and seems very durable. I have not seen any fading of the colors at all. Wonderful toy, worth the price.
Well I never used it because I haven\'t teethed in quite some time. I sent it to my niece who I only see a couple times a year.  I think it either got lost in the million other toys or became a dog toy.  It was pretty cute though.  I hope she liked it. What do I care? She\'s a baby.  She\'s not going to remember little Sophie.  But perhaps it made her feel better and now she won\'t go into the rest of her childhood with this nagging unhappiness hangover from infancy.  Who knows?  Like the title says, nice giraffe.  Maybe I will get myself one.
I wasn\'t sure about the cost of this teether, but it\'s well worth it. Easy for my 5 month old to hold onto, squeaks but not too annoying.
My Mom-in-Law bought Sophie for my son when he was just starting to really chew on things (and we were hearing some pretty scary things about toys not made in the USA). She did some research and came across Sophie and we are so glad that she did! While Sophie doesn\'t come from the USA, we love the fact that she is 100% safe and natural, and my son loves to play with her. I also love how soft Sophie is, my son tends to swing his toys around and when he\'s sitting on my lap I\'m usually in danger of being hit in the face with whatever he\'s holding, needless to say a soft toy is even better in my book! There\'s one last thing I want to comment on, I\'ve read reviews that said that Sophie was a \glorified dog toy\ or something to that effect, and I don\'t want to seem rude, but I think they\'re crazy! Yes Sophie does squeak, (which my son didn\'t care about much at first but now he loves) but that\'s about as far as the comparison could go! If you want a quality teething toy for your child then look no further! Sophie is adorable, soft, perfect for little hands, 100% natural, and SAFE!!!!!!! Definitely worth every penny!!
This is a great teething toy, he loves it and loves the squeaking, this is easy to grasp and handle. Could not be more happier with the purchase of this item
I have given this as a gift several times and all the moms come back to me and rave about how awesome this teether is and that their child loved it! It does seem slightly pricey for what is really a plastic chew toy, but if it soothes your child it\'s worth it!
I was very skeptical and read all the \'horror\' stories of Sophie being unsafe, but my daughter was having a hard time teething, so I bought it.  My daughter loves Sophie, I have no idea what it is, but she just gets the biggest smile when I pull her out.  Like others have said - I just use common sense with it, any toy can potentially be dangerous, I watch her with it and don\'t let her have it in the car where I cannot see what\'s going on.  But she has never even come close to choking or having any sort of danger with this teether.  It has definitely helped with her teething and I\'d recommend it to anyone.
At first my little guy wasn\'t sure about this thing and I was thinking I had wasted my money on what seemed like a dog sqeek toy... but once he figured out how to hold and chew on it,  he now  loves it! We\'re in the early stages of teething so it goes where ever he goes!I have even gone as far as to put a pacifer clip around it\'s leg so that it doesn\'t get thrown on the floor in the car. I think this is the best teether out there, a must have for a teething kiddo.
I think this teether has \baby nip\ in it! My baby loves this teether, and this keeps her occupied in the car too! Great product, must for a baby shower gift!!!
AND IT IS!  Sofie is soft, gnawable, and her belly sqeaks.  My 4.5 month old son likes to gnaw her hooves, try to tear her legs apart, and gun her ears.  Sofie and a wubbanub (and Peppa Pig TV) make our lives so much easier.
Yes, it\'s imported. Yes, it\'s expensive. And yes, I love it and so does my baby girl! This giraffe is made of natural rubber. It is so easy for my five month old to hold onto and to chew. She especially loves the legs, though she recently found the head and has begun to chew on Sophie\'s ears, horns and mouth. Sophie also makes a squeaky noise. My girl can chew on Sophie for a long time and she doesn\'t get frustrated because it is so easy to stick Sophie into her mouth. So far, this has been her favorite toy to chew on.  I\'ve read some reviews where people say their children didn\'t like Sophie.  I think it\'s inevitable that some kids won\'t like Sophie.  But personally, I think it\'s worth a try.  If your baby likes Sophie, she will be a great toy.  If not, hey, give Sophie away to another mom to try with her baby.  Also, I think trying a toy over and over again may help.  My little girl didn\'t quite get Sophie right away at four months, but I kept putting Sophie in front of her and encouraging her by sticking one of Sophie\'s legs in her mouth.  It took her a couple days, but once she understood she could chew away easily on Sophie, she loved her!
My son absolutely loves this toy.  He is able to chew on it for hours and loves that it squeaks when he bites it just right or hits it.  It is soft and pliable but sturdy enough that it won\'t rip or wear out.  He loves the many different angles of the toy because he can get the legs far back in his mouth or he can run his gums along the bumpy spine.  This is an absolute must have for any baby who is teething.  I never leave home without it.
My little guy loves Vulli, it\'s one of the only toys he can squeak, (much to the dismay of my dog).  He just started really getting a grip on his toys and Vulli seems very easy for him to handle, bring to his mouth, squeak, etc.
My daughter was given this toy as a gift for her baby from her sister.  Her baby has loved  this toy from the moment he learned to use his hands. When we lost it we immediately had to purchase another one. It is great for teething babies that are learning how to put things in their mouths. The only bad thing is the squeak sounds a lot like a dog toy - so if you have dogs that like squeaky toys they may mistake this for one of their toys!
My daughter loves this toy so much. She will drag it around the house everywhere she goes! She has so much fun playing with it.
My baby absolutely loves sophie! Even my three year old loves playing with her. I need to order another one.
The Teething Giraffe worked great for my 7 month old son. Yes it is expensive for a teether, but he loves it still and I do think it has helped him trhough this rough phase of his baby life!!
Its the perfect size for small baby hands.  Its soft and light and easy for little ones to play with.
Sophie the Giraffe is the best teether!  My son loves it and now I buy one for all my pregnant friends as shower gifts!  Great!!!!
My daughter is 5 months and loves her Sophie.  The shape and size are perfect for her to grab and chew on.  She loves that Sophie squeeks.  The only issue we have had is that the dog thinks it is her toy!
I got Sophie for my baby girl when she was 3 months old. She absolutely loves her. Chews everywhere: head, nose, ears, legs. Satisfies her desire to chew & suck. She can independently hold this toy w/o difficulty. It is definitely her favorite toy!!
My daughter loves her Sophie, we don\'t go any where with out it. Got it when she was 3 months and now that she is 6 she loves it even more. Will definitely recommend it. Worth the money.
I have this for my son.I bought for my friend \'s baby.I  highly recommended.But I don\'t know how to see real one or not.I hope this is real one.
I had one of these when I was a child, and bought one for my son.  He LOVES it!!  The first moment out of the package he was reaching for it.  Now he chews on it all the time.  The giraffe is made of soft plyable rubber that bends easy but doesn\'t tear/rip.  It is perfect for little hands to grab onto.  It wipes clean with a wet cloth or baby wipe.  The coloring doesn\'t rub off.  It is a great toy!
Ever since my daughter received this is as a baby and loved it, I always get this for every one of my friends who has a new baby.  It is adorable, and very easy to squeak...making it a joy for little babies to play with.  Amazon has the best price by far. This product has become very popular in stores and often sells for over $20! Thank you Amazon for always providing what I\'m looking for at a great price!
We were given this toy for our daughter when she was about three months old.  She loved Sophie instantly and even at 17 months she still plays with it.  The legs are very soft, but still firm enough to help with a little one teething.  Though Sophie has seen many hours of chewing she shows no signs of wearing out or coming apart.  The only thing we have noticed is that the spots and hoof coloring did start to fade with chewing.  All in all we loved getting this as it was something we would not have likely purchased on our own but have since gotten it for others for shower gifts.
This was the one toy our son just had to have all the time. It was excellent for teething. We buy this for every friend who has a baby, truly the best teether we could find and it\'s totally safe too.
I purchased this for my 4 month old becasue he is teething, he loves it and will chomp on it all day! The squeeking one that I got him will make him laugh to as she is chewing it :)
I bought this for my son when he was 5 months old.  He LOVES it!!!!  He will spit out his pacifier to chew on Sophie.  I love knowing that it\'s natural and non-toxic, and I have been raving about it to anyone who will listen!  I\'ll be giving this as a baby gift for anyone who is expecting!!
This teether is a perfect size and weight for a baby\'s little hands.  It\'s soft and very flexible.  Because no part of it is very big in diameter, it\'s easy for my baby to grasp and hold on to without dropping it.  The little squeak it makes is a cute addition.
I thought my three month old daughter was too young for something like this.  I was wrong.  She loves it.
Soft, easy to grab for my 11 m old. He\'s disabled, so it was nice to find a toy that he could hang onto more easily than others. Soothes his teething gums also. It\'s one of his favorite toys, if not his favorite.Only problem I have is that the ears look a bit worn, as if someone bought, used and returned it.P.S. DON\'T RINSE UNDER WATER. It will stop squeaking. Thankfully After wacking it several times, I got the microscopic amount of water dislodged. It squeaks just fine again. Read instruction manual.
I had never heard of Sophie before I had a child.  Apprently the toy has been around for almost 50 years.  My 4 month old loves her.  I hesitated to spend so much on an infant toy(over $20 including shipping).  However this is really the only toy she plays with right now.  I don\'t have a dog, but if you have one, the dog might mistake it for its own toy.  To a human though, you can really tell that Sophie is high quality.

When we got home from playschool today, we had a package waiting by the door. It was Sophie!! My daughter is 9 weeks old and until today she had no toys! I opened the box and held Sophie in front of my baby. She stared intently at the cute little toy and her hands started to open and close.I put Sophie where baby could reach and she grabbed hold of her! Perfect size for a baby toy and so soft! I can imagine it will be great when baby gets to teething too. I can see how some call it a glorified dog toy, but it is not made of the same stinky rubber as a dog toy and the paint on Sophie is food grade. I think the price is a little high but we believe in only buying the kids a few well made quality toys rather than a bunch of cheap plastic junk.
All my grandbabies love this toy. It smells good, and apparently tasts great, because they love to chew on it.
Easy to wash and babies easily grabs it with their little fingers. Natural food based coloring and ruber. No smell
I seriously wonder why my 3 month old is obsessed with this silly thing?!  It is seriously a dog toy!  She got 5 as gifts!!  But hey, she really likes it, so 5 stars it is!
My wife and I got this for our grandson and it worked like a charm during teething.  He seemed to like it as a little toy friend, as well.
I know I am late in reviewing this product...like 3 years late. I bought this before you could get it in in stores. Now you see her everywhere. I still have this thing in my daughters room, and she is 3. She loved this thing so much that I can\'t get myself to get rid of her. Everyone laughed at me, saying that I was giving my child a dog toy to chew on, if they had a teething baby then they would understand! Like I said, both me and my daughter loved Sophia
First of all, Sophie arrived in plenty of time for Christmas&#8230;the delight for the family is when my 4 month old grandson loved it too.  Sophie is everything  that was pictured; I am very happy with my purchase.
I won\'t know for a while if my new Granddaughter to be will like this teether; but it\'s cute!  I think any baby would love it.  Not to mention my Grand-dogs....they think they will get it if they beg long enough....not a chance!!  NOT at the price I paid for it! LOL
Pros: Our little one loves this thing. Everytime we squeak it she lights up.Cons: It gets really slobbery.Pro again: Sophie dries real quick.
We got one of these non-assuming looking little giraffe teethers a few months ago as a gift for my 8 month old son and let me tell you - he loves chewing on it. It has a great build quality to it with thick areas in the head and feet, and a squeaky in its center area. When my son is grumpy and trying to take a nap, this is his go to toy for chewing. It looks like a simply doggy toy - but it is much better built quality than that. Really, though it isn\'t cheap, you are getting what you pay for. This is a teether your child will lock onto and you won\'t have to worry about it breaking apart and hurting him. I recommend it.
My granddaughter loved hers and got great teething pain relief from it.  Bought this one as a shower gift for a friend.
I wish I knew about this item months ago.  My 1 year old grandson loves giraffes and has been teething for months.  Sophie is a perfect size and perfect material.  The squeeker is a bonus.
I got a Sophie in the mail from a secret santa.  All my daughter\'s other teething toys are so hard she manages to hurt herself on them and the fabric one become quickly soaked with saliva... this is where Sophie rules the school!Her soft rubber is the perfect texture for my little girl, her limbs, neck and head all provide comfortable grips for her tiny hands, and she is solid enough to take a real beating in my little girl\'s mouth.A SUPERIOR baby product and one of my favorites as a mom so far.  BUY THIS PRODUCT!
Kids apparently love this little giraffe. It\'s cute and seems to work well for teething (from what I\'ve heard from moms). I still usually recommend frozen \'stuff\' to my patients, because from what feedback I have received, cold stuff feels really good on the sore gum tissue around erupting teeth.  However, for those outings/trips when having frozen items is not an option, this seems like a good alternative. I\'ll probably buy one for my kiddo when the time comes.
Absolutely wonderful product! The baby loves it so we love it! Sophie is the best investment we have made so far!
This giraffe is adorable, soft, and easy for little hands to grasp.  It is light weight and good for biting.  It has a squeak sound that is not annoying and the baby has to play with it for a while to figure out how to get it to squeak.  All the materials used are non-toxic.  I love this and wish I had had one for each of my kiddos.
This is not just cute but my 4 month old smiles every time it squeeks. He started to grab things better now and love this one and of course the first thing is to get it in his mouth. Love the giraffe neck because it give him the ability to hold it. Very nice product!
all of my children (4) never liked any teething toy. I would spend lots of money on cheap teething toys then trow them away. This is the very first one that my infant LOVES and takes everywhere with him.
Great teether and toy.  I don\'t agree with the doggie toy comments, it\'s better quality than that.  So what it squeaks, kids love that.
I bought this for my Grandson and he loves it. A word of warning...so will a dog.
Worth every penny IMO. My son loves this toy. It\'s a great teether and when he is fussy it gets him out of his funk!! Love it!!
We got this little giraffe as a gift from a friend who married a Frenchman. I\'ve never heard of it before, but apparently it\'s a cultural icon of sorts in France. It is a neat little that helps babies with teething, motor skills and in all sorts of other little ways. Sure enough, our baby new exactly what to do with it once he got a hold of little Sophie. He started biting her and mauling her in the most savage ways imaginable, and Sophie took all of it in stride without blinking an eye (literally).So far the toy seems well made and durable. I don\'t think that there is a material object known to man that can in a long run withstand everything that infants can do to it, but with that caveat in place I am very happy with the quality of this teething toy. Would definitely recommend it to other parents out there.
What can I say! Everybody loves a Sophie. I have given this teething toy many times and the kiddies love her!  I even found a child\'s book to match!
I bought this toy for my daughter becauase it has such a long, proven history, plus it is made of non-toxic matieral.  Ella absolutely loved it, and I buy it as a baby gift for all my friend now.
I bought this product to know what is exactly the boom of this little toy, and it is lovely, my little kid just love it, it is easy to manage and there is not danger in leaving him alone with it. We really like, and I do not doubt in giving my recommendation to someone who is thinking in buying, to sum up, if you are looking a teether for your bab@s Vulli Sophie the Giraffe is the best recommendation and it is perfect as a gift.
Easy for baby to hold and she loves it!  Just the right textures with easy gripping.
This is the best teething toy my kids have ever had.  Both of my boys gnawed on her much to their relief and mine.I can\'t recommend Sophie enough.  She\'s durable, cute and she\'s a classic.When my now 7 year-old son was a baby, you could only get Sophie in Europe.  Thank goodness she made the trip.Buy two!
My wife found Sophie and we ordered it, at first our son didn\'t know what to think of it, but a few hours later he was biting it and grabbing it and now he always looks for it and smiles when he sees it.
As every mom knows, you always want to give your children the best you can.  Though I thought it was a bit expensive, I had read many good reviews about the Vulli Sophie Giraffe Teether and wanted to get one for my baby girl.  And because Sophie is made from all natural rubber and decorated with food-grade coloring, I felt it would be worth the extra money to have the peace of mind knowing that there are no toxic paints, plastics, or dangerous small parts for my daughter to ingest.  She has had an easy time teething (she has 2 lower center teeth with 4 coming in on top and 2 more on the bottom), but she still likes to chew on her little Sophie Giraffe.  Sophie\'s long skinny neck and legs are easy for my daughter\'s small hands to hold.  My little girl loves to nibble on Sophie\'s ears, horns, and feet.  Plus, I think this little giraffe is just so cute.  Also, just as an anecdote: When I first offered Sophie to my daughter, she was NOT interested.  The squeak was a bit loud for her, and the natural rubber taste was different for her.  I thought I may have wasted $18.  However, over time, my daughter has really come to like Sophie.  She will smile and reach for Sophie when I offer it to her, and she seems to enjoy chewing on Sophie.  I am glad I bought this teether, and because it is gender neutral, I know I can use it in the future whether I have another girl or a boy.
My 7 mo. nephew immediately started playing with and chewing on the teether. He seemed to prefer it over his many other Christmas gifts. It was well worth the price, and his parents appreciated it as well.
My daughter is 11 months old and she still loves Sophie.  It is one of the toys that I rotate in the car because my dog won\'t leave Sophie alone if she is in the house.  I also stick Sophie in the diaper bag for a quick distraction.  My daughter is working on her molars now and is able to stick Sophie\'s legs way back in her mouth.  You can put links around Sophie\'s neck to attach her to the stroller.  I smile every time I hear the little squeak coming from the backseat :)
Good size for my 5 month old to grab and chew. She loves it. I don\'t think all the packaging is really necessary though
My son loves teh Giraffe. It is his favor toy to chew on. It is soft,the baby can grab it very easily.It makes a funny noice. Great toy for every kid.Love it.
This toy is worth every penny. My daughter loved this toy at 3 months and still adores it at 6 months. It is her favorite toy by far. The legs and neck are skinny enough that she can grasp it in her tiny hands. Nothing heavy or hard that she can hurt herself with when she flails it around. The head and body squeak and make her laugh. Great for teething. I always keep Sophia in my diaper bag.
Everyone on here was right. Sophie is incredible. Sophie can win a game of connect four in only three moves. When Alexander Bell invented the telephone he had 3 missed calls from Sophie. Seriously, our boy loves this thing. He enjoys chewing on it and she is the perfect size for his little hands.
I was extremely skeptical about buying a $25 teething toy shaped like a giraffe. But since the price was around $17 here on Amazon, I decided to give it a try. I\'m glad I did! I didn\'t want to believe it, but there is just something about this giraffe teether that babies love! I have a 6 month old, and my son LOVES chewing on Sophie\'s head especially. He finds this toy scattered among his millions of other toys and totes it around the house when he\'s crawling around. Still can\'t believe I spent $17 on it, but it was well worth it!
This teether is exactly what other reviews say.  It is incredible.  My 6 months old took to it right away.  Its the perfect shape to get those little hands around and perfect for gumming on.  It\'s nice and soft and totally natural.  We love it
I hesitated to buy this because it was such a high price for a simple toy, but after hearing so many great things, I decided to order for my little guy.  He LOVES it!  It is one of his favorite toys, and was worth every penny!  I will definitely keep it in mind for friends family members who have babies.  It would make a great gift.
A really good quality one as what I\'ve expected.. My 4 months nephew loves it very much as well! Good buy as a gift!
My Son (10 mths) loves his Sofie the Giraffe. We bought one in France while visiting relatives for about 8 euros at the grocery store. $[...] seems a little expensive. [...]
My 7mo son LOVES Sophie!  It has lots of different shapes to chew on and it squeaks!  He\'s always quite proud of himself when he can make it squeak.  =)
I needed to purchase some newborn gifts for about 5x babies of friends and family.  I purchased 5x Sophie the Giraffe Teethers.  The Sophie Giraffe products arrived in two days with my Amazon Prime account.  The packaging was great and products arrived in mint condition.  I gave the gift to each person and they were very thankful.  Some had heard about the product.  One friend already had one Sophie and was thankful to get another.  The gifts were a hit.
This is the 5th one I buy. It is now my signature gift for all expecting mothers. My kids loved it and I know everyone I have given it to loves it too.
But there\'s a reason everyone loves Sophie. It was the only toy my baby showed any interest in for about 2 months. It\'s perfect for teething, easily gripped and for some reason endlessly enjoyable to a newborn/infant.We buy them for our pregnant friends now.
Is it worth it?  With so many inexpensive teethers on the market in all shapes and sizes, why is this one so popular?  Yes, it\'s trendy.  Yes, the celebrities all have these for their babies.  Yes, it\'s European.  But is it really worth the price for your baby?That\'s the question I\'ve been asking myself ever since receiving Vulli Sophie the Giraffe as a gift from a well-meaning (and much-hipper-than-I-am) friend.  My answer is a qualified \yes.\  Here are the benefits.  This teether is several inches tall, making it larger than many other teethers.  Also, it has a lot of appendages (four legs and a long neck).  These features make it easy for my uncoordinated baby to hold on to this teether.  That\'s a big benefit.  Also, the shape of the legs and head result in a variety of teething choices.  My baby prefers to grip the teether by the legs and to chew on the giraffe\'s ears or nose.  I\'ve seen other babies who prefer to chew on the front or back legs.  One baby I know even prefers to chew on the giraffe\'s rump.  With so many choices, your baby is bound to discover one that she/he likes.  Additionally, the teether makes a squeaky sound when squeezed (think about a traditional dog squeaky toy).  My baby likes this sound (as do my dogs).  Finally, the all-rubber surface of this teether makes it easy to clean.  These are the benefits.Here are the downsides.  The rubber on this teether is a bit stinky and definitely has a taste that my baby isn\'t thrilled about.  She\'s willing to put up with it, but I can tell that the taste isn\'t as pleasant to her as that of some of her other teethers.  Also, this teether doesn\'t have any rough patches or bumps, and those bumps are soothing to babies with serious teething going on.  Finally, this teether costs double or triple what other teethers cost, and that\'s a big downside if you\'re buying this for your own baby.  So, weigh the pros against the cons and make a decision if this teether is right for you.
I always give this gift as a present whenever someone has a baby and it always goes over well.  My daughter introduced me to it when she had her baby.  It is a lovely baby gift.!
Amazon is great!  Bought for the Giraffe and not necessarily to be used as a teether.  Product was excellent quality but the price might have been a little high?I could see where this would be great for babies who are teething
This is the greatest teething aid I\'ve ever seen.  Our baby loves it, and it\'s 100 percent natural.  The giraffe design catches our little one\'s eyes, she enjoys the squeaks, and she won\'t let go of it.  In fact, it\'s safe to say it\'s become one of her favorite toys.  If you\'re looking for a great teether, you can\'t go wrong with Sophie the Giraffe.
This is the second Sophie I\'ve bought for a grandchild.  There is no beating this most loved friend.  The boys love teething on her and she is easy for them to hold.  When I was first introduced to Sophie my first thought was \Are you kidding me....it looks like a toy I would have had as a baby.\  Boy, was I wrong!  Sophie Rules!
My 6 month old got Sophie when she was a little over two months old and, quite frankly, wasn\'t at all interested in her. But by 5 months when the drooling started in earnest and everything went to her mouth, she realized Sophie is wonderful! She loves the squeak toy aspect though it does confuse our poor dog since it sounds like a dog toy. But the squeaky kisses Sophie gives my girl brings laughter and smiles every time. Well worth the price but certainly order this from Amazon as it costs $5-6 more at Babies \'R Us!
Soft and has a squeak.....4 month old just figured out how to make it squeak on purpose. Love it! Thanks
I bought this for my 6 month old granddaughter and she loves it. It has a soft texture to it and is easy for her to hold.She also likes it to squeak, she looks for it when you squeak it.
my baby loved this product. so easy for little hands to hold. glad I bought this for her. definitely recommend
Sophie the girafe is the best toy ever invented!:)  My daughter loves to chew on her even today at fifteen months old.  We could note have gotten thru teething without Sophie.  Everyone who sees Sophie always yells \SOPHIE WE LOVE HER!\:)  It is also nice knowing that she is not made in China.  One of the only teethers out there unless you go to a super specialty store.  Out only problem is that our Lab still thinks it belonds to him and he tries to \steal\ Sophie on occassion!:)
We gave Sophie to our kid when he was 4 months and he still loves it. Loves to chew on the giraffe in all possible ways. Probably not his favorite but he nibbles on it quite often whenever he feels like biting on something,
I\'ve bought 4. No really. Anyone that even looks pregnant is getting one from now on. Just a wise purchase.All the parents rave and the kids seems fixated on Sophie. Wish they had more products alongside it.
The title says it all... this teething toy is the ONLY toy that works for molars (and anyone who\'s had a child knows the molars are the WORST!). The legs are just long enough to be chewed on without worrying about baby gagging on them.
Loved the product, is used on a daily basis by the beautiful recipient.  Sad to say that when it was received the box was destroyed, embarassing when giving it as a gift!
I gifted this to a mom-to-be so her second child would have her own Sophie just like her first child.  Mom was very happy.Sophie is a great gift for new babies.
My 8 month old son just received Sophie and absolutely loves her! So does my husband and the dog too! More than just a teether, my son loves to shake Sophie around just to hear her squeak! I let him take Sophie to his crib for nap time but had to take her away as he was just having way too much fun playing with her. Get one!
This is an awesome teether. Slightly expensive but my Son used it for months so it was definitely worth it. He loved it! Very cool teether.
My aunt bought us this for our first girl, and both she and our now 1 year old loved it.  They can chew on the legs, bend them and the neck - and since it is durable but all natural we had no fear of choking or other issues.  This is also very easy to wash off in the sink since it gets chewed on a lot.
This was recommended to me by a friend. I bought it when my daughter was 3 months old and she loves it! she chews on it wherever we go and it is always with us! she smiles when we squeak it and she can manipulate it very well! we are actually buying a 2nd one to have as a backup in case we lose the first. We highly recommend this to all parents.
How else can you spend approximately $20 to watch your child gnaw on a silly gummy toy and thoroughly consider it money well spent? I thought it was absolutely ridiculous to spend this much on a kid\'s chew toy, but after my child found it completely addictive while teething, I bought another one. The only drawback to this toy is that if you wash it too many times, the spots come off and Sophie ends up looking like a freaky albino...
This toy is very cute to look at and very easy to handle for a baby.  The baby\'s mother specifically asked for this, so I purchased 2 - one for a baby born and another baby due in March.
My 4.5 months little daughter love this teether very much and like to bytes it a lot at her age now.
We just got our adorable Sophie this week and my 4 & 1/2 month old daughter loves it. I\'m sure there are other great teethers out there but Sophie is easy for chubby hands to grab and she has lots of long or nubby bits to chew on - whatever baby is in the mood for.  Our daughter smiles every time she sees her Sophie and is content to gnaw on her when she needs to.  I love that Sophie is made from rubber trees and non-toxic food grade paint. Love her!
It was absolutely amazing, we didn\'t even put the Sophie teether on our registry and we got 4 of them from friends. There\'s a reason why, kids love this thing. Our 6 month old loves chewing on this thing whether it\'s on the couch, in the car or in his crib! The squeaky sound is an added bonus because it gives his feedback when he presses on the toy!
My 6 month old\'s favorite toy by far. I love that she is non toxic, no BPA or other bad chemicals. She has so many places to chew and she is the perfect size for my little one\'s hands. A must have!
My 4 months old has been chewing happily on Sophie for a month now. We take her everywhere. Soft, easy to hold and my son LOVES to chew,suck,hold this giraffe. WELL WORTH the price!!
My 5-mos old son took to this immediately. The shape of the neck makes it easy to hold and the shape of the legs allows him to stick the feet toward the backs of his gums for sucking and chewing, easing discomfort from teething. (Only the Melissa and Doug bugs container seems to offer similar toys that reach back there with ease. Few toys have that extension and texture.) Especially in his car seat, he often falls asleep with the tip of a leg in his mouth.I was surprised that the toy is so soft and hollow; I\'d expected a foam and not the \dog toy\ texture.  And sure enough, my dog LOVES this giraffe!  We stepped out of the room to change a diaper and the dog, who normally shadows us, was nowhere to be seen.  Suddenly \squeak squeak squeak\ could be heard from across the house.  Our darling mutt schemed to wait til we left to grab the giraffe and race off with his prize.  LOL... every chance he gets!  I suppose that\'s a downside, but we just clean it with soap and hot water or stick it in the dishwasher and we\'re good to go.  Anyway, we can legitimately say that the WHOLE family loves this toy!
I received this as a gift for my second child. It is the best teether toy. She would suck and teeth on it for hours. I was so impressed with the product that I purchased a couple of other Vulli teethers in other styles. Those however, did not have the same impact as Sophie the giraffe and were ignored. Hands down, Sophie is it.
Sophie is great. I had my doubts about spending this much money for a &#34;chew toy&#34; but it was well worth it. We\'ve had it for almost 2 years now and it still looks great and my 2 year old son still plays with it.
My niece is 9 months old and loves her giraffe. It is great because it easy for her to grasp and the long neck allows her to keep her hands naturally in front of her while chewing it. The colors on the giraffe have not faded. This little toy stands up to major wear and tear. Delightful toy for a little one!
Best toy/teether EVERWe\'re in love with sophie, this definitely is a must have for moms and babies everywhere :)
My son loves this toy, and has from the beginning!  We received it as a gift when he was 2 months old.  At that age, he loved looking at the contrast of the spots and feeling the funny shape of the toy.  As he got a little older, he loved the squeaker, especially when he discovered that he could do it himself.  Now that he is teething he mouths it all day.  I think the hard rubber and shape of the features offer many different surfaces to soothe his sore gums.I like that fact that it is not made of cheap plastic.  I feel more confident that this toy is safe for my son.I would definitely recommend Sophie!
This is my grand daughters favorite toy! it\'s great to hold and she loves to chew on it. I also ordered her the Sophie the Giraffe first book, but never received it.
He loves this giraffe! He will extend his arm and smack it on the ground back and forth. He likes to put it under his knee and squeak it when he is sitting in his bouncer. This is his buddy when we travel and he will kick it in his car seat.
This toy is awesome. My 3 1/2 year old can hold it easily and stick Sophie in the mouth! Can\'t ask for more than that.
My daughter really loved Sophie at 4 months and during teething time.  She also enjoys the other products made by this vendor.
This is a must have for the modern teething baby loll it\'s a lot cheaper on amazon I love it baby loves it what eel is ther to say
I am a foster parent and have three babies use this Teether.  It is a great product.  The babies love it.
I didn\'t get Sophie for my first baby because I couldn\'t justify spending close to $20 on a teething toy. I broke down and bought it for my second baby and I\'m so glad I did!  He just loves it!!  He plays with it more than his other pricier toys and it seems to soothe his sore gums. His face lights up when he sees Sophie. Even my two year old wants to play with her!
What a great toy!  My 7 mo old just loves it!  He\'s teething right now and he just loves to gnaw on Sophie.  It\'s nice to have a toy that I know isn\'t exposing him to all sorts of toxic chemicals when he puts it in his mouth.  We also like the fact that you can squeeze any part of Sophie and she will squeak, you don\'t have to squeeze in one specific spot.  Overall a fantastic toy.  I will be giving it as a gift to expectant parents for years to come!
I bought this teether for my daughter about a year ago.  It has become her favorite teether.  She seems to select which leg or ear to chew on based on which tooth is bugging her.  My favorite feature is the cleanablility.  We all know how frequently toys end up on the floors of restaurants, stores, etc.
My daughter enjoyed this toy SO MUCH. Not only for teething help but also for entertainment. The quality is wonderful and I believe we will pass this down to the next one. :)
My son is 7 months old and Sophie goes EVERYWHERE with us!  She stays in his carseat when we\'re home just to make sure that she\'s in the car with us when we leave.  My son laughs and laughs every time she squeaks.  I highly recommend her!
sophie is a baby\'s best friend.  cute, squeaky and fun to chew and drool on...sophie should definitely be on your \to  buy\ list.  great gift too!
My little niece loves this thing, she is still extremely young so she can\'t quite gnaw on it, but she loves to rub the ears and feet on her gums.The squeak it makes it cute too, though you might want to show the baby the noise before hand, it startled my niece a bit.
Our girl loves her Sophie. We actually lost her first one, and she was always trying to steal her cousin\'s Sophie!We re-ordered one for her and now all is right with the world once again.It is super cute when she crawls with it because it squeaks.
My son at 5 months already has his two bottom teeth and is trying to put everything in his mouth.  If he can\'t reach where he wants to chew he gets sorta fussy but Sophie has so many teething options that he will chew on it for quite some time without throwing it down.  The legs are perfect for farther back in his mouth and I am not worried about parts coming off. Great product!!
Like every other parent out there that has talked to me about this toy, for whatever reason babies gravitate towards it.  My son recently started teething and with the multiple teething aids available this is his go to.  No idea why.  The squeaking is fun too.  It makes him laugh.
I bought this for my 6 month old based on all the positive reviews, but was dubious as he did not really enjoy any other teething rings we had bought himSophie arrived promptly and was well packaged, with no damage to any packaging or the toy. We just gave the toy a quick wash (for safety\'s sake) and handed it over. My wee boy loved it and it went straight into his mouth. The shape is ideal for small hands, it is easily manipulated, and there is not a surface that cannot fit into a mouth.Sophie washes easily so can be kept clean of food and the general mess that babies toys can get into. One quick wash and it is good to go. This has fast become our wee boys favourite toy and is definitely worth the money.
This is the cheapest I\'ve seen it anywhere and with the free Prime shipping it was even better!  My five month old daughter loves her Sophie.  Other than a freezable gel ring we bought for a couple of bucks, it\'s the only teething toy we will need to buy.
One of the best teething toys ever. My daughter has love this and chewed on it for teething since she was about 3 mos old due to the size and shape it\'s easy for her to hold and control. I know buy them as baby shower gifts because get are so great.
Baby girl loves her new friend and is able to hold on to it with a tight grip.  A little more than you would pay for for a regular teether, but quite worth the money!  She loves Sophie!
This was the best thing to have when my daughter was teething.  When we received it as a gift, I had never heard of it.  The paint comes off as the child chews on it, but it is edible safe paint.  It is very durable and perfect for children\'s little hands.  We passed our daughter\'s on to a cousin after she was finished with it and it is still going strong!  Now I just purchased this as a gift for a new mom.  Highly recommend!!
I heard about Sophie in a Stroller Strides class when my son was two months old.  I immediately purchased her and it was by far my son\'s favorite teether.  Ten months later Sophie is still fully intact and my son\'s favorite teether.  To keep her squeeker working, you have to remember not to get water in it when washing her! We have been successful thus far!
I have no idea what the fascination is with the Sophie but since it works like a charm, I\'ll take it. It seems to be the ideal size to grip and helps so much during the teething phase. Definitely worth the money.
We are very pleased with this purchase!  We have purchased 2 Sophies (1 for each child) and both loved to chew and play with the toy.
We got this toy when our baby was 3.5 months old--ALL the little ones in our Brooklyn neighborhood have this thing, so I figured there was good reason for it.  Indeed.  It\'s dimensions make it easy to grasp--my baby\'s little fingers fit nicely around the head, neck, or any of the legs. The long neck of the giraffe make it so that when she\'s holding it at her waist with her hands, it reaches all the way up to her mouth.  She loves chewing on all the knobs around the head and on the hooves.  She is attracted to the simple face with it\'s dark eye dots and loves to make it squeak.  This is a fantastic toy, no wonder it\'s been around for so many decades!
I love this teether! It\'s pricey but worth it. My four month old loves it and gets excited when he sees it. It\'s the perfect size for his little hands. Sophie will definitely be my go to baby shower gift from now on!
I have bought Sophie for both my kids as well as friends and family too. My kdis LOVED Sophie. It is the perfect size for baby to hold and they would spend forever slobbering all over Sophie when they were teething. They never took to other teething toys. I thought the price was crazy when I first saw it for a teether but after all the reviews had to give it a shot and was well worth the money!!
my son loves sophie.  he smiles as soon as he hears it squeaking.  he was able to hold it and chew on it beginning at four months, and sophie has been wonderful for teething.
My Baby girl loves slobbery all over it, and the point that its made out of food coloring makes me feel all the better about letting  my lil one chomp all over it. Very easy to clean just an overall nice teething toy for my baby girl.Must have for every lil tot teething...
Our 6-week-old loves Sophie! I started letting her chew on Sophie very early so she\'d be used to the taste, smell, etc. before she started teething. She LOVES to chew on her face! She knows the sound of the squeak now and will look for it when she hears it.
Well, she\'s kind of in love with Sophie a little.  She gets annoyed when she can\'t quite get Sophie into her mouth the way she wants.The dogs...really, really want Sophie in a bad, bad way so I\'m almost certain that eventually, they\'ll end up eating this seventeen dollar teething toy.  :)
My LO loves this toy. It helps with teething and is entertaining. The only down side to the product is trying to clean between the horns and and ears. You have to really get in there because gunk accumulates.
We bought this teether for our 4th month old son.  We had searched high and low for a BPA free teether that was small enough for our young teether.  Well, Sophie the Giraffe was the answer.  Our son loves Sophie.  And with her 100% all natural including the food paint she is colored with we have nothing to worry about.  The cost is worth it, she is the only teether your child will ever need!!
My daughter had a Sophie in the mid 70\'s...though it was a bit smaller.  It didn\'t survive over all these years so I was delighted to find one on Amazon.  It is still a huge success both for it\'s teething qualities but also as an entertainment with its squeaky \voice\.  I am ordering another one for my great great grandniece today.
It\'s a good one.My baby likes it very much.It\'s so good!It makes my baby not crying.I will buy it soon
I was skeptical when my wife said that she had ordered a [...] toy for our son, but he has had his Sophie for a couple of months now, and absolutely loves it.  One of the best things about it is the skinny neck and legs.  That makes it much easier for little hands to grab and hold on to.  It is great to put in his carseat because it is one of the toys that he doesn\'t easily drop, which makes car rides that much more fun.  The heavy rubber is a nice change of pace from the soft stuffed toys and the hard plastic toys too.  I highly recommend it.
This is a great teether and toy! Every time our daughter sees it she smiles and reaches for it. It can be washed in the dishwasher to keep it sanitized. I can only say get it!! It will be a great item for your child.
I bought this for my grandson on a recommendation by a young mother and my grandson loves it.  It\'s soft and squeaks easily and is easy to hold onto.
My baby boy is 5 months old and seems to really like Sophie.  She is chewable almost everywhere and he will switch it up. She helps his gums feel better.  I recommend this toy.
I actually purchased Sophie elsewhere but i was skeptical when i saw it and the price tag attached to it. I thought it was an over priced toy that parents were being suckered into buying. But i ended up buying it anyways and i\'m glad i did. My 8 month old daughter loves Sophie so much! She loves the texture of the rubber and it squeaks with minimal pressure to any part of the giraffe. I would buy this again in a heartbeat.
Never thought I\'d see my son French kissing a giraffe, let alone French kissing a French giraffe, but he adores her so. I swear Sophie is like crack for 4 month olds, he looks at her and gets this possessed look in his eyes, reaches out, grabs her with his little chubby hands around her legs, and stuffs her nose into his mouth, where he proceeds with a veritable orgy of chewing. The natural rubber is a little squeaky on his gums when he bites, and when he squeezes her body, she squeaks, which delights him. We\'ve gotten more giggles by dancing Sophie\'s feet on his tummy while squeaking her. He\'s teething furiously right now, and Sophie makes it a little more fun. The one we got had no issues with running paint or fragile rubber, it is tough, durable, and he\'s slobbered all over the thing without paint coming off, so I think we\'re good, but remember that a lot of these come from different sellers, even if Amazon is shipping them prime.Sophie\'s been around for 50 years for a reason...ETA: After a couple months of use, some of the paint is starting to wear off Sophie\'s ears, and there are a few tiny cracks in the surface of the paint, but with the abuse she gets from my kids, this seems well within the acceptable range for me. My special needs 7 year old tends to swipe her whenever she can, and uses her to bounce against her iPad she uses for communication, which is good, because it doesn\'t trigger the iPad\'s screen and is not likely to hurt it. The baby loves to gnaw on every part of the giraffe, and popped 2 teeth before 5 months old.
My girl loves this toy. She chews on it a lot, making a funny squeeky sound with her yet teethless gums. I like that the toy is very light and bends easily, and made of natural materials. It\'s the first toy my baby was able to sqeeze and bend to make a sound.
My husband gave me a strange look when I announced that I bought an almost $20 squeak toy, but after having this for six (6) months he now understands that it was worth it!The product description of this toy seems a little whimsical when it describes how it is a toy for all the senses; however, I am 100% sold.  Besides the smell (it doesn\'t really seem to have a scent), I would argue that this one toy does entice my baby\'s sense of sight, touch, taste, and hearing.Summary of the PROS:- Color, I like that this toy is not obnoxiously bright blue, pink, green, yellow and orange!  Every other toy is an eyesore.- The squeak is slightly annoying (like any squeak toy) but it really does make my baby smile when we are out and he gets fussy- The rubber is soft enough that my baby can chew on it without injuring himself and not too soft to puncture (the chewing sound does make a rubbing rubber sound that makes me cringe, but baby loves it).- The &#34;small&#34; parts, I like that the legs, neck and head are small enough for my baby to grab and chew on without being too small.CONS:- Slightly expensive, but worth it in my opinion.- Another mom friend said that the squeak sounds similar to that of her dog\'s toys so the dog likes to play with this too.  Having two (2) dogs that love squeak toys I am amazed that my dogs have not touched this toy.- I wish there were real instructions (not just vague information on the box) concerning cleaning.  If the squeaker gets wet it sounds like Sophie has a serious cold for a few days until it dries.  Along with this I am also potentially concerned about mold or anything growing inside - no worries yet but I can see how this may occur.It may sound strange that all of my PROS seemed to have CONS attached, but I would like to be clear - I would buy this product again and I would highly recommend this product to anyone with an infant.
I sometimes think that there is an addictive substance hidden within our Sophie. Man, my toddler loves NOTHING more then this little creation. I initially scoffed at the price of this item and held out on buying it- until I saw my little guy try to steal it from a friend. The next day he got his own Sophie, and I became a believer. The price of this toy far outweighed the possible embarassment of him getting caught red handed again :) WORTH EVERY PENNY!
great gift for expectant mother or baby teeting. very cute and tried and true. i recommend sophie the giraffe teether,
My daughter was given this as a gift, and being my first child, I had never heard of \Sophie\ before.  I was impressed with the story that comes along with it (with respect to the natural rubber and safe paint) but was really surprised with how much my little girl absolutely loves it!!  As soon as she started gripping objects, this one became her favorite as it is easy to hang onto.  She is just starting to teethe, and chews on either the legs or head constantly.  I would absolutely recommend this as a gift for your child or for any baby shower gift.  Thanks Tammy!! :)
Best teether ever! It\'s my daughter\'s favorite and easy for her little hands to grasp and hold with its skinny neck and legs. She grabs it and goes to town! :)
I got this for my daughter when she was 3 months old. She took to it immediately. It\'s really easy to grip for her since both the neck and the legs are skinny enough for her little hands. It\'s easy to clean and actually really cute. My daughter is now 7 months and has got her first two teeth, and she still absolutely loves chewing on Sophie. Highly recommend this toy!
I purchased this for my at the time 6 month old for Christmas. I had seen it previously and I didn\'t really \get it\. It looked like an over priced dog toy to me. The reviews are consistently excellent though so I decided to try it anyway. I\'m do glad we ordered it. My little guy favors it the most out of all of his teethers and insists that it goes everywhere with us. I\'m thinking about buying a second one for just in case! Definetly worth adding to your little teethers collection!
Sophie is so cute, and comes just as seen! I can\'t wait to see how my son reacts to her when he is born. She is very popular, and would buy for a gift any day!
Don\'t really think this needs a review because everyone has heard all about Sophie. But it is a great product. Made well and this kids (and dogs) love her! Great for boys and girls and makes a perfect baby shower gift for all your friends!
So much more than a teether. It helps my daughter learn to grab and develop hand-to-mouth coordination; and the squeak factor is a great distractor if she\'s feeling a little cranky. As a teether, the giraffe is perfect. She can get at it from all different angles, and just chew away. The best part is that I don\'t worry about what she\'s chewing on, since the giraffe has no harmful \ingredients\. If I could give the giraffe ten stars, I would.Thank you to my sister-in-law for this amazing gift. And thank you to Vulli for making it!
I tried to fight the urge to buy it and not get sucked into the pressure of everyone else buying a $20 rubber toy.  But my baby was teething so badly I was desperate.  I don\'t know what this thing is made of but it works.  He will chomp on this for a long time.
At first I was very hesitant to buy this teether. I was thinking the cost was pretty high for just a teether and I was worried it would be too big. However, when i opened the package I knew it would be perfect. She is very soft and is a great material for babies. My son is three months old and teething so I had to get something for him to be able to hold himself. Sophie is great. She is easy for him to hold and he loves to chew on her legs and ears. He also loves to hold on to her and he enjoys that she squeaks(he giggles). I think the item is a very good product for any age and I highly recommend it. The only thing I would be careful of is water getting in it. I hold my finger over the hole so the squeaker wont get ruined.Great product!
My son has had his Sophie since he was 4 months old and he absolutely loves it! All of the reviews about the choking hazard are silly because your child should never be left alone with any toy... This is one of my son\'s favorite toys and everything about it is wonderful. Its very easy to clean and we take it with us everywhere we go.
When my daughter first asked for this giraffe for her baby girl, I thought she was out of her mind.  Now I\'m a huge fan!  Sophie is made in France (not scary China), and so she can teethe to her heart\'s content.  Plus Sophie is cute and different---but not unique:  everyone seems to have one!  My granddaughter loves to play with her, and Sophie\'s an especially good distraction in the stroller and carseat.Vulli Sophie the Giraffe Teether, Brown/ White
I purchased this as a gift for a shower.  My friend loved it and looks forward to using it.  It shipped fast too.
My baby loves it and me too.  It makes noise when press it, it is not too big and not too small, easy to grab for a baby and very good quality.
My son is 23 weeks. He loves to stick everything in his mouth. Tried giving him just a normal teether and he doesn\'t care for them. This was giving to us as a gift. From the second i squeeked it he loved it. I like to give it to him when I\'m trying to change his diaper distracts him. When I first saw it I was like ok cute but.what\'s the big deal. Now I\'m glad I have it.
It is just what I was looking for.  Very smooth as well and nothing pointed to hurt our upcoming bundle of joy.
My 3 month old  holds it good and soft enough to get to her mouth for teething and she loves it
Bought this for a gift.  I\'m sure she\'ll love it as much as I do, and hope her baby loves it even more.
The new Mom was very happy with this unique teether.I was happy it was exactly as described and arrived on schedule.Merci!
Age recommendation for this is 0 and up, but we didn\'t buy one for our little one until she was 7 months.We gave it to her and her eyes lit up! She held it, and instantly started teething with it. Eventually she got it to squeak and it made her smile.Sophie the giraffe is really adorable - we it with us while out and several people commented on how cute the giraffe is.Be forewarned though, if you have dogs, they take a big interest in this! The squeaker sounds very similar to dog toys.
I bought this for my new grandson. he isn\'t quite old enough to hold it, much less chomp on it. I know he will love it.
I love this little giraffe teether and plan to give it as a baby gift with the two accompanying books.  Unfortunately the shipping  package was not approriate  (soft) and the item box got damaged.  Not too happy about that, since this is for a gift.
Got this for my great niece.  She now ha one at her home as well as her grandparents.  Everyone likes this
It\'s easy to hold by little fingers n gives sound when she presses it. She loves it very much and smile every time she sees Sophie.
I don\'t know why, but my son loves it. Don\'t let the price scare you, this thing has been worth every penny. For sure it\'s one of his favorite toys!
He smiles at the giraffe and open his arms to welcome it every time i give it to him. It\'s a very good chewing toy for babies who are teething. Easy to grab with these tiny hands. Many different parts can be chewed on, head, horn, foot, even the neck and butt. I guess it\'s fun for the babies to think and choose which part to chew everyday. I bought two of these so he can take one to daycare also. Would recommend to friends.
My first two grandchildren loved their Sophie so I had to buy one for my new grandson.  Sophie is easy for little hands to hold and they loved to chew on her.  Great for teething.  Highly recommend.
Had I known about Sophie before now I would only have ever bought my girls one teether instead of all the other little ones out there.
This toy has grown on me as my daughter has now had it for about 6 months. It is great for when they are tiny. My 10 week old baby could hold this light toy on her own and make it squeak. She now gnaws on it to sooth her gums. I think it\'s a soothing toy to play with for kids who are not binky or thumb suckers. I love when I hear her squeaking it, it\'s almost her way of saying, \Hello, I\'m here.\ Very cute. I have since given several Sophie\'s as baby shower gifts.One thing to note, this is not a hard plastic toy, it is soft and squishy and squeaks like a dog toy.
My daughter began teething at 3 months and did not have her first tooth pop until 7 months.  It was definately uncomfortable and painful for her.  We tried numerous teething toys but this was by far her favorite!  She loves to chew on the legs which relieves her pain.  She still plays with it today, even though she\'s past her teething.
We love Sophie. She\'s a fun, squishy toy that\'s great for teething. All of the cool kids have this toy so naturally, we had to have one too.
We bought a number of different teethers for my daughter, and as all the previous reviews promised, she LOVED Sophie the best.  Worth every penny!
Best $20 we have spent in a while.  Worth it for your teething child.
My daughter received Sophie as a gift and immediately took to it. She loves chewing on the feet and the horns. She began playing with it at about 3 months and still gets lots of use out of it at 6 months with almost no apparent wear to the toy. It\'s expensive, but probably rates as her favorite toy and has brought her gums lots of relief. Buy this toy and be a hero!
My son has been enjoying Sophie for about 3 months now.  He is currently 6 months old and this is by far one of his favorite toys.  This toy is very easy for him to grab with those little fingers and he loves chewing on legs, ear, horns and mouth.  He also loves the squeak, I can always get a smile out of him by bringing Sophie to his attention.  Sophie is also very easy to clean if dropped, which, lets face it, happens quite often at this age!
My four month old loves Sophie! As the description mentions, it captures the attention of her senses, including hearing and smell. She also loves looking at Sophie\'s spots. The toy cleans easily and she almost likes it *too* much -- she gets upset when she can\'t get the little hooves in her mouth fast enough!
My 4 month old would not take a pacifier or any other teether. She only wanted her giraffe. It reminds me of a dog\'s chew toy but my daughter loves it and that makes me happy. Worth every penny.
When my sister-in-law told me she spent $20 on a teething toy, I thought she was crazy. Then it became my son\'s favorite toy. There is just something about it--it\'s squishy, squeaky, and cute. It has relieved his teething better than anything else, and he loves to play with it when it\'s not in his mouth.  Worth every penny!
My baby started teething early, so this was absolutely perfect for her.  She didn\'t have great aim to get things in her mouth, so the length and the softness was perfect.  Every time she sees this toy she gets excited, it\'s one of her favorites.  It\'s easy to keep clean.  Worth every penny.
we love so pie, she is so cute. my baby loves to chew chew chew on her and she is so sweet
My daughter has owned Sophie for a year now, receiving it when she was 3 months old. Sophie quickly became her favorite thing, and it accompanied us everywhere for about 6 months. She loved to chew on it, the squeaky sound delighted her, and she even slept with it. At 15 months old, she is no longer as attached to Sophie as she once was, but she still smiles whenever she sees her and plays with her a bit.
My son first saw Sophie at age 5 months at a friend\'s house.  He loved her, but I didn\'t think much of it.  A couple months later he saw her again at another friend\'s house.  He STILL loved her!  The parents raved about how their kids loved her, so I decided I would buy a Sophie Giraffe.  My son is almost 9 months old and Sophie is a favorite.  He chews on her more than all his other toys combined.  I am glad I bought her.  I never would have chosen her, so I am glad my son did.  I don\'t think she is cute and she is a bit pricey in my opinion.  If I had just bought Sophie and not all the other cheaper teethers, I would have been money ahead.  I just hope I don\'t lose her.  I may need to have a spare on hand.
Great feel, great squeek, great quality, great story...Sophie is just great all around. My little man loves her...even though in public I do feel a little odd asking my son &#34;here honey baby, do you want your Sophie doll&#34;? Hubs wanted to rename her to a boy name....but that would ruin Sophie\'s legacy. My son played with her up to about a year old..I\'ll be saving her forever in my keepsake box.
I am so sorry to rename the Giraffe to George but that seemed to work well for our daughter.We were given this giraffe from a friend as a gift and it has been the absolute best!Not sure why anyone would not give it 5 stars. My kid totally digs it.She has had some pretty bad teething episodes and this giraffe not only helps with this but she loves the squeek it makes and the expression on its face seems to really play well with my daughter. Two huge thumbs up!
When I first got Sophie in the mail, I had some buyers remorse because it did seem like a glorified dog toy.  As soon as I gave to to my 5 month old son he loved it!  It is by far the toy he plays with the most!  He is teething but I think he would like it anyway because it is so easy to grab and squeak!  My husband thinks that Sophie is too girly of a name for a boy toy so he insists that we call him Jerry.  It is really funny.  This toy is on the expensive side but I have to say that it is really worth it!
MY SON LOVES THIS TEETHER. HE CHEWS ON THE LEG OR THE HEAD AND SWITCHES IT UP WHEN HE GETS BORED. I WAS SCEPTICAL, SINCE IT\'S THE MOST EXPENSIVE TEETHER I HAVE SEEN, BUT WHEN I GAVE IT TO MY BOY HE KNEW RIGHT AWAY WHAT TO DO AND NOW INSISTS ON HAVING THIS.
I have bought one of these for each of my granddaughters and also for my great niece and it is the best teething toy.  No need to buy them anything else.  And they love her too, which makes Sophie even more special. Can\'t give it 10 stars but I would if I could.
At first I was skeptical, I mean $17 for a chew toy that looks more like a dog toy? But, after reading the reviews and going nuts with a teething baby I gave it a shot and bought one. As soon as our daughter saw it she smiled (and as you know that\'s worth a million bucks) and although she wasn\'t very good with her hands yet, she tried to get it in her mouth. After an incident where our puppy grabbed Sophie and ran around the yard with her we figured we better get a back up or two. Sophie is our go-to girl whenever baby is crying, bored, cranky, sleepy, you get the picture. She seems to make everything better. And anyone with a small baby knows, that alone is worth the $17.
I got Sophie for my baby when she was 3 months old, she is 7 already and still loves it, and others kids who see the Giraffe also get crazy for it!
I had put Sophie on my registry, but no one purchased it (I\'m guessing the high cost). I knew that I wanted it after reading the reviews, so I purchased it before my baby was even born. My husband thought I was crazy for spending 20 dollars on a little giraffe toy, but he later realized that it was twenty dollars well spent. When I saw my son starting to put objects into his mouth, I knew it was time for the Sophie. This toy has become his favorite toy. No matter where I go, I make sure I have Sophie. It will keep him distracted and entertained for a good time. So in conclusion, bite the bullet and buy Sophie. You\'ll be very glad that you did.
My baby loves this toy.I give this toy as a baby gift to anyone I know doesn\'t have it. I have yet to come across a baby who owns this toy that doesn\'t love it. It has such a nice texture and such a nice little squeaker in it. My little one loves to chew on her ears and legs. It seems to appeal to him that just the lightest grip will make a nice light squeak as well. Perfect shape for little hands to grip.Great product.
Well, my son, who is 4 months, loves to chew on it, anyway he can. So I shoild say, I\'m happy about the product.
This little teether is expensive, but I think it\'s worth it. The long legs will even reach into the back of his mouth to his molars when my ds starts getting teeth back there
I don\'t know what it is about this thing, but my daughter loves it. It is the first toy she has been interested in and will look at and try to grab. She is 2 1/2 months. Can\'t wait to see how it works when she is teething.
My 6 month old has adored this since we bought it about 6 weeks ago!  He is in the car for 2 hours each day and, unless he is sleeping, he is always chewing on Sophie.  My niece also loves her Sophie and that is why I didn\'t blink an eye at the price tag.  No regrets!
I just purchased Sophie la giraffe for my 5 month old son and it was love at first sight!  He simply loves it!  The toy is very easy to handle with his small hands and the texture is like nothing else!  After all, it is made of natural rubber, not manufactured plastic.  Even the squeaking noise makes him laugh every time! 100% worth the price.
I read the reviews on this before I bought it and had some concerns but this turned out to be a great little teether for my grandson. I recommend to keep an eye on it all of the time to be sure that none of the bite marks breakthrough.
I bought this for my granddaughter whose name happens to be Sophie.  She\'s beginning to chew on it\'s ear. I bought it after I googled top infant toys.
Teething made easier with Sophie - a hit with my grandaughter and it seemed well made- very soft and fun - reminds me of old fashioned toys.
I purchased this for my grandson and he loves it! It is a great teething toy, and is one of his favorites!
My baby loves this. We got it as a gift and it is the best toy ever. She will chew on it for hours!
I\'m not sure what it is about Sophie that\'s makes her so very popular with the very young crowd but my granddaughter loves her. She is 3 months old and just starting to grasp things (intentionally). When I showed Sophie to her she focused right on her and then reached up and grabbed her and had her nose covered with slobber within a minute. She seems to really like her although she\'s not crazy about the squeaker yet.
Sophie the Giraffe is the perfect teething toy. She is soft, makes squeaky sounds in both her head and body, and is just right for tiny little fists. My son loves to chew on her ears, horns, and legs. The day she arrived he was cutting a new tooth and just gnawed her a ton. She is really well made, and my older children love to play with her too. When I ask them to get my son a toy, they always pick Sophie. The only downside to Sophie is the cost. I priced out a number of other teething toys, and Sophie was definitely one of the most expensive. After having Sophie for a month though, I would still recommend her. She is worth the price and is one of the few toys that we have that are actually worth what we paid for them.
My daughter loves to bite Vulli! :-) It is very safe and it helps when she is having some sort of discomfort with first teething. Definitely Recommend.
This is such such a popular and well tested teething toy that I\'m always happy to give it as a gift...as I did in this case.  Another happy baby &#128522;
My grandaughter loves this as a teether.  She can really chew on it without damaging her gums.  I love the feel of the rubber.  Would recommend it
Bought this for a gift for my friend and she was delighted.  I have heard so many good things about Sophie the Giraffe Teether.
I had heard that Sophie was a good teether toy, but wow! My son LOVES it!  He will chew on her for such a long time without getting bored.  When he gets fussy from painful gums, I just give him this giraffe.  I will buy one of these for every baby shower I go to from now on.  When I hand her to my baby, he waves his arms and legs and squeals, he is so excited.  Don\'t be deterred by the price - it is worth it.  I just don\'t know what we would do if she were to get lost!!
Sophie the Girafee is a simple but well loved teething toy.  My baby loves to chew on its legs and nose. What I love about it, is that it is made from natural materials. A must-have!
I buy Sophie for all the special babies in my life.  They love her.  Best teething toy ever!  Definitely worth the $!
We love Sophie!! Perfect toy/teether for a fussy baby! Our daughter loves holding Sophie, worth every penny!!! Highly recommend for all babies!
My son can\'t get enough of his sophie. He knows who she is by name, we went to someone elses house who had one and he almost panicked that they were chewing on it and it wasn\'t his. I am so glad we made this purchase, I don\'t know what it is but he loves it. I will probably pick up the bathtime sophie too because when you get this one wet she doesn\'t squeak. Def attracts dirt easily though.
I have two granddaughters who so loved these Sophie\'s; what a great shower gift they are; smell great and are so flexible for infants and toddlers.
It\'s super cute. My LO loves it and I love it as well. The squeaky noise it makes is good for distractions when my LO is being fussy..
i bought this for my 9 month old son for this past christmas when he was 7 1/2 months and started teething like crazy. at first he didn\'t know what to do with it but was able to easily grasp on its neck and it\'s legs and before i knew it he was chomping away. this giraffe is so cute and small and made for lil babies\' hands and fingers (and of course mouth). he loves to chew on its ears and its hooves and wherever else he can get at. i wish i had known about it earlier when he had JUST started the teething process but as it is, i\'m glad that i was able to find out later cuz he just loves this giraffe. would recommend it for every baby!
My two year old still loves Sophie!!  She used it as a teether and loved it because it was easy to grasp and it has so many plcces to chew on.  The rubber is nice and soft and the squeak is super entertaining.  I was hesitant at first because of the price and thought it CRAZY to spend so much but I am glad that I did. The hype about Sophie is genuine....it is a great teether and the only one she ever really used as a baby.
My brother and sister in law just loved this. It is the genuine item. Nothing like the other one someone else gave the baby. Sidney loved this one!
I love being able to give my infant a safe toy to play with. Sophie is made with natural rubber and food safe dyes. My son is 5 months and has been playing with Sophie for about a month. He loves her! He already has two teeth so he loves chewing on her. He can easily make her squeak.
This was a favorite toy up until my daughter turned one- she doesn\'t play with it as much anymore now that she is walking and getting into every thing!  I would highly recommend giving these as baby shower gifts.  This is the third one I have bought from Amazon.  I have found them in local toy stores for $40 dollars- It is not worth that price!  Amazon\'s prices are great.  Super cute Sophie is easy to clean, soft, BPA free and squeaks!  I will be keeping my daughters as a keepsake.  Happy Shopping!
I got this because my daughter always plays with our friends and she loves it. She does not use it as a teether, but we just had our second child and I am sure he will!! Love Sophie!!
She travels everywhere with us. Great toy to tuck under their arm, spark their attention and to chew on. We are constantly referring to her as our son\'s \girlfriend.\
Sophie the Giraffe Teether.  I have given this to several friends with babies, and they have all loved this.  Also, you can purchase books about Sophie, which I think is excellent.
What can be said that hasn\'t been said before?  There is a reason why this toy is so popular.  There are many shapes for the baby to chew on, satisfying wherever he/she want to reach with it.  The legs are particularly nice to reach the molars.
I don\'t know why I never heard of Sophie before, but my granddaughter has loved playing with this toy from the time she was 5 months old, and is still playing with it at 12 months!
My daughter loves this teether.  It\'s super soft rubber and easy to keep clean.  The long legs are great for when molars are coming in!
Fast shipping and delivery though the package had a hard time during the freight but the rest is just perfect. Sophie is also the perfect product for baby they just love it ! It must be at least the 5th or 6th one that I buy for presents.
MY DAUGHTER LOVE THIS TOY FOR HER SON ROMAN.HE CAN HOLD THI S GIRAFFE TEETHER ALL DAY LONE,WITH OUT FUSSING,THANK YOU.
This came on the timeline given and looks exactly as expected. I have 3 grandsons each of whom had one and loved it. I\'m now planning on giving it as a baby gift to three friends who are expecting babies in the near future.
Purchased this for both of my boys and they loved it. It does the job when the kids are teething.
This teether is reserved for future use, it looks cute in the image of giraffe, yet it has a little bit of plastic smell
Not only did the baby love it, her older siblings kept trying to get it away from her, but she wouldn\'t budge, she definately made the toy hers.  She was thrilled when she realized if she bites down on it, it makes noises.  It is soo cute, and the knowledge that they are top grade materials is an added plus. Very happy with my purchase.
I don\'t know what it is about this thing, but my baby loves it!  She has been playing with sophie everyday since she was about 8 weeks old and she is now almost 8 months.  I really do not see the appeal, but every baby seems to love this toy.
All French babies have a giraffe Sophie, and this since years ! I had my own 40 years ago. It is still a hit and my daughter - who received it as a gift from an aunt - loves it ! I\'m also glad to know it\'s natural hevea and safe (by European standards, so really safe) alimentary paint.
I finally gave in (because I thought it was so cute) and purchased one of these for my daughter.  None of her other teething toys would fit in her mouth. Plus, most of them were hard for her to grip onto. Sophie is perfect. She has so many places to hold and so many small surfaces to chew on. My 2.5 year old also got a major kick out of making the toy squeak. This toy has lasted well after months of use from both a baby and toddler. This is on my list of baby gifts.
This is an absolute must for a teething baby. Dogs love it too! ;) We bought Sophie for my now 3 year old and he still plays with her. The paint fades I\'ve time but it\'s not a big deal. As with any toy, babies should be supervised while playing/chewing.It is not advised that you put this in the microwave or a sterilizer to clean. Just wipe with soapy water (do not submerge) or use a disinfecting wipe.The shape of Sophie is one of the best things about this toy. Smaller babies, with less control, have an easier time holding onto it. My children start teething at 3 months or earlier so that is very important to me.
I heard the hype about Sophie and didn\'t believe it!  But as my baby began to teeth, I figured Sophie was so inexpensive that I should give it a try! Sophie is the BEST money I have EVER spent in the world of baby products!  At first I was concerned about the length of the legs, but my little guy loves rubbing them on his gums.  Sophie is his new best friend and a life saver for me!Vulli Sophie the Giraffe Teether, Brown/ White
I purchased for my granddaughter who is 5 months old and teething. Honestly, I would have never paid this much for a teething toy for my children, but this has turned out to be her favorite toy.  It is soft and chewable and easy for her to grab and hold on to from many angles.  It was worth every penney.
A great stylish teather toy. Easy to clean and all teaching babies will love its easy for even quite small babies to hold.
My grand daughter loved this toy giraffe. Thought it was a little too pricey, but she loved it so much!
Every baby needs a Sophie Giraffe.  This is a very hot baby toy for a good reason.  Fun, safe, chewy, and squeaky!
I read tons of reviews on Sofie the Giraffe and thought it was too good to be true. Actually, it is better. My 5 month old teething son adores her. I don\'t know how we got by without her. Thank you Vulli for making a safe and fun product made in Germany not China.
I doubt I can add anything that hasn\'t already been said about Sophie!  She is a must-have for all babies!  This was one of the first toys we gave to our daughter and she has loved it ever since!  We thought we lost Sophie and my husband ordered another one right away!  Well worth the money!
This was recommended by a friend and I have gifted it a few times now at baby showers.  Received a picture text of my nephew this weekend gnawing away on his.  Lots of drool and two fists smashing Sophie into his so far toothless grin.  One warning - the last Sophie I ordered came in a crushed box, since I did not have time to return it for a new one prior to the shower I attached her to the outside of the gift with ribbon like an embelishment.  That is how we discovered that Sophie squeaks - and wow did the dog come running.  If you have dogs you may have a hard time convincing them that Sophie is for the human baby.  Other than that she seems to be a big hit with all of the recipients.
My 4-month-old loves it! It\'s easy for him to hold and has different bits to gnaw on. I recommend Sophie.
My baby loves this teether. She likes to wave it around and play with it, she loves chewing on it and the squeaking noise it makes causes her to laugh out loud. Love this little toy. I will  be purchasing two more for each of my new nieces.
We bought this when my son was 3 months old and he has been chewing on Sofie for the past 4 months.  He loves it!  I love it!  It soothes his need to chew.
We love Sophie at our house... she is a great teether and a great toy for entertainment.  Our 18 month old still loves her.  She is the perfect size for gripping and holding and biting... she is natural which is great too... and she is SO cute!
How can you not love the Sophie Teether?It\'s absolutely adorable and all the kids love this toy.Will buy more.
My daughter just loves Sophie the Giraffe. We have had her for over a month and she still makes my daughter smile. I waited awhile to order her because of the price. If you are waiting please don\'t you will love her and so will you teething baby
My daughter started using this teether at 4 months.  She is now six months and it has become her favorite toy/teether.  When she was smaller, she would chew on the little ears and face, and now she\'s able to chew on the legs and feet.  I\'ve tried other teethers to mix it up, but this is the one that she always goes for.
My son loves his Weedee as he calls it do much I got one as a gift for a friend, quality toy worth every penny!
When I first recevied the gift I thought it was super cute but was not sure if my baby would chew it. I gave it to her as soon as he noticed her starting to chew on her toys and she hated it. I am sure it is the initial latex taste, but after the second attempt she was hooked. Now Vulli goes with us as her \car\ toy. We pack her in her the carseat and she now looks around for her friend. She has been chewing on him for months and it is still in great condition. I would highly recommend Vulli - he is cute, easy to clean and babies seem to love him!
We received Sophie as a gift from grandma, and I\'m really pleased we did as I\'d never have thought of it myself! Sophie is rapidly becoming one of my four-month-old daughter\'s favourite toys: as well as enjoying gnawing on the ears and legs, she has recently become aware of the squeaker and loves it (big smiles and giggles ensue) when I squeak the toy for her -- she is now trying to squeak it herself. Highly recommended.
This is a great toy and teether and is the ONLY teether my 5 month old likes.  He is able to grab it easily due to Sophie\'s slim neck and the legs fit perfectly into his mouth to chew.The price is a bit high, safe for baby and TOTALLY WORTH IT.
My daughter LOVES her Sophie!!!! At first I was hesitate due to the higher than average price point however it has been a lifesaver with a teething baby. I think she really enjoys the shape since it resembles a nipple of a bottle or breast more than most teethers. I have been giving these as baby gifts ever since I bought my daughter one:)
We bought this toy for my 4 month old daughter.  I was reluctant to spend $20 on one teether, but decided to anyway.  She loved it.  We managed to lose it at the park one day, and so we are buying her a new one because it is such a great teether.  It is definitely worth the money.  Since the spots are made from a natural food coloring, they do come off after time, but not a big deal at all.
If you\'re going to a baby shower, definately buy this. I always tie one on top as part of the bow. One of the besties for babies and toddlers. My great grandson still loves his at two years.
After reading about this baby teether, I wanted one for my expectant daughter.  It is precious!  It is safe for a baby, attractive and I can hardly wait to give it to my daughter at her first baby shower.  It also didn\'t hurt that my dog\'s name is Sophie!
This teether is super cute! It\'s soft, it squeaks and my four month old loves it!! Wouldl recommend this to a friend.
Our daughter loves this teether. It goes everywhere with us! It is very easy to wipe clean and she loves the squeaky noise! Although our dog sometimes thinks its her toy. lol It is a great item, in fact we have bought it as shower gifts because our daughter loves it so much.
This is my daughter\'s favorite teether by far!  So much so that we purchased a second one just for purposes of travel, so we always have one at home.  The multiple angles allow for her chew on various areas depending on where she\'s having discomfort.
We bought Sophie for our (then) 4 month old daughter. She absolutely LOVES it! We love Sophie too because it is safe, non-toxic, and so easy to clean! My baby will hold Sophie and \talk\ to her for hours. She doesn\'t interact with any other toy like this one. When it\'s nap time she must have Sophie to hold onto. We will probably be buying a second Sophie in case something tragic happens to the one we have!
I received this toy within the estimated time of arrival. It did not make the squeaky noise. I emailed the seller directly. They shipped out a new one quickly with no questions asked! I would definitely recommend this item (for my 6 month old) as well as this company.
this is a great toy!! the material is really great, is very easy to squeeze and teething friendly (it seems to be great to bite on) and it also is really pretty.!!
This is the best best best toy/teether!  My son LOVES it and he is always chewing on it.  I have bought this as gifts and recommend anyone with a baby to get one.  Everywhere we go, people say, oh, we have that giraffe too and our kids/grandkids, love it.  Other babies will try and take this, even if they have their own, or they\'ll ask for one.  Must have!
My 9 month old twins love this teether!  Not having any problem with paint coming off like an earlier reviewer stated.  Sophie is small has an only slightly annoying squeak and is great to have for teething and just playing.  This is a go to baby shower gift for me!
I gave this as a gift to my dental hygenist for her child.  She was delighted with the easy-to-hold giraffe.  This teether toy reminds me of a rubbery giraffe toy my daughter enjoyed so much when she was a baby.  My daughter turns 50 this year.  What\'s old is new again!!!!
Great book made me purchase his other two books.  He has a way of writing that makes history so interesting especially if you are from Boston area. I have purchased it for a teacher friend and will recommend it to my children and grandchildren. I find great things as well as books at Amazon.com.
I could not understand why a baby\'s toy would be so expensive,  but caved into the hype and bought it for my daughter. She loved it and we took it with us everywhere.It is soft, durable plastic and has no stinky,  plastic odor.
When I first heard about this teether, I thought it was just a stupid expensive yuppie thing that is overpriced and appeals only to people so much money they don\'t know what to do with it.  I was dead wrong.  My daughter \tried\ her cousin\'s Sophie when she was 7 months old and in a horrible bout of teething, and she didn\'t want to give it back.  I went out and purchased a Sophie for her the very next day.  This is the only teething toy that ever gave her any relief during teething, and she had a terrible time cutting teeth.  The quality of the toy reflects the price.  She dropped her Sophie at the zoo without me noticing one day, and I had to buy her another one. It\'s that good.  I think Sophie is a perfect baby shower gift, as it is tough for us new parents to justify spending so much money on a teether.  Buy it for a pregnant mom! Or if you can spare the cash, definitely go ahead and buy it for your baby.  I don\'t think you\'ll regret it! Note of caution: don\'t let baby take Sophie in the bath as it can damage her squeaker (short or long term).
Sophie is our family\'s favorite teether! She is easy for tiny hands to grip on to, and her hooves get back to the molars, so she\'s perfect for older babies too!  Our Sophie has survived two babies and yes, she has faded, but she just looks well-loved.  No rubber odor.  Well worth the $$.
This is just a little baby chew toy but like my daughter-in-law says, &#34;Every baby deserves an overpriced, French chew toy!) She should know-she has purchased several and the kids always seem to love them.
Love it! Love it! Love it!  The best teether I purchased for my baby (I bought several others before finding this one). :)
My 4 month old loved it instantly And so did my 2 year old.  It is easy for him to hold and a great teething toy.  When ever he sees it and it squeaks he gets excited and smiles.
Mouth worthy....no crazy chemicals. Lots of places and light enough for small hands to hold. Could be the most expensive chew toy for babies ever, BUT it is a crowd pleaser and ALWAYS a favorite toys for teething babies.
If you have a teething baby, Sophie is worth the money.  Our 9 month old already has 8 teeth.  Sophie has saved us!
A favorite. It is easy for the baby to hold and it has a lovely squeak. Be sure not to submerse it in water or the squeak will disappear.
Our baby (now 7 months) still love the Sophie. While it doesn\'t entertain him as much now, his favorite part are the legs. Not all kids may like it, and it is a tad on the pricey side, but it\'s safe, and doubles as a toy too.
If you are looking for a safe teether toy for your infant, buy this. It is adorable. I get asked about it constantly.
I was a little hesitant about buying this product because of the price and other reviews, but I am so glad I did.  My infant son loves this toy.  He grabs it by the neck and just chews away on the poor giraffe\'s head.  When my friend\'s bring their infants over they do the same thing. I am so glad I bought this toy!
I really had my doubts but my 5month old son LOVES this toy!! When I opened the package I was a little set back I thought that Sophie would be a little bigger. It is a dog toy for all intents and purposes but one that my son loves soooo it\'s worth it. I did read the reviews on the \choking hazard\ I would like to say that it could be a GAGGING hazard but that is a HUGE difference between gagging and choking! And despite this my son gags on his own fingers so it\'s not exactly a danger. If they gag they pull it out of their mouth. I don\'t think sophie is a huge danger. It\'s a little overpriced but then again I don\'t buy many toys for a baby...rattles, a chew toy here and there but nothing expensive to I figure if he loves it then it\'s worth it!
My 4 month old loves this giraffe!  She\'s not teething yet, but she loves to chew on things, and this giraffe is her favorite thing to chew on.  We have a few other teethers, like the teething rings you can freeze, but she doesn\'t like to chew on those.  I would recommend this giraffe to anyone who wants a toy that their baby will love!!
My daughter is teething and it\'s perfect! All the other teething rings seemed to have some hard areas. Sophie is soft and has rounded edges.  Perfect for a teething baby and peace of mind for parents.
This is not something you would by yourself....great gift! It is safe and used a ton during the teething phase by my lil one.
Although i thought it was a bit over priced, it is definately well paid for!! Baby adores this teether, the noise, the feel, the size it is perfect for her!!
So far the baby is enjoying the sophie teether. We are a little worried about it near the dog though- it has a squeaker (I didn\'t realize) and we\'re afraid the dog might confuse it for one of her toys- and for the price we\'ll be really mad if it gets eaten. Baby is still in the early stages of teething so he\'s not chomping on it too much, but it is nice variety between frozen teethers.
This is the best teething toy ever!  My 6 month old loves his \Sophie.\  It is easy for him to grasp and he likes the squeeking noise.  I was a little hesitant due to the price.  It is worth every penny.  I only wish I had discovered this for my first son.
my little one loved this thing all the comments of kids choking on it I dont see how that is possible unless their trying to deep throat the head
The joke in our house is...that this was orginally created as a dog toy but no one bought it so they repackaged it and called it a \teether\ but the joke is on us because my daughter LOVES THIS. The rubber is really soft and the she loves to make it squeak.Though it is a bit pricier than your standard teethers it is a very popular toy at our house!
My 6 month old loves this!  The squeek keeps him interested while the texture sooths his teething gums.  Easy to clean and fun to play with.
My daughter loves her Sophie teether. It is the only thing that fits in her mouth and she enjoys really gnawing on for an extended amount of time. I love that is natural rubber and painted with food dyes too. I think it\'s a must have for any baby, and I wish I would have discovered her with my first two kiddos.
I had one for my eldest son when he was teething. Bought one for the 2nd boy, and he absolutely loves it too.  Initially I was a little surprise that it came in a size which was smaller than the first one which I had bought somewhere else (From the picture, I cannot tell that actually this teether is sold in different sizes.) Nevertheless, I gave this to my three month old boy and the smaller size is apparently better for him. Though he has not started teething (I haven\'t seen any teeth despite him constantly chewing), he just loves suckling and chewing on this. This is much better than having him chew on soft toys or other cloth toys (which need constant washing and drying), and the material is also soft and he just loves chewing the ears and the legs.
This little giraffe is the best.  My son has enjoyed it and re-discovered her after his teething period.  When he was done teething, he re-discovered her and started calling her his baby giraffe.  You can\'t go wrong with this product especially at this price.
good and comfortable,he don\'t cry when he got it, he likes very much, and my baby looks very cute and lovely
Baby loves this teether, as does the cat! I love the fact that it does not come from China so we know that it is lead free..this alone make it well worth the price,,, as I looked everywhere for toys/teethers not made in China.
This was on a baby registry from Amazon for our niece. It is a very cute teether! I would purchase it again.
Sophie is one of my daughter\'s favorite toys, and is wonderful as she begins teething.  Love love love Sophie!
I have given Sophie to several infants, beginning with my grandson.  They were only available on the Upper East Side of Manhattan back then.  This was on a registry but I had already purchased it.  I know Itsy will love it.
My 6 month old grandson loves this giraffe, whether he is chewing on it or smacking it around to make it squeak, it\'s very durable and soft.
Sophie is a little expensive, but worth every penny. My son\'s pediatrician recommended her and she has saved our ears and sanity  ( and my baby\'s smiles) on numerous occasions. My husband tried to buy another for our trip to Europe but they were out of stock. We treat Sophie like she is made of gold. My son is 5 months old, so no teeth yet, but he likes to bite while working out gas. Sophie is fantastic for this, as well as being a great toy. She is in the top three as far as he\'s concerned. We are still trying to get another... Get Sophie while you can!
I don\'t know why, but our son (9-months old now) loves this toy. Most of the items he liked at 3 Months old barely hold his attention for more than 2 minutes now, but Sophie is still a popular item, especially for chewing and teething. It is one of the only older toys that still make him smile.
Fantastic and the babies love them.  Should become a family heirloom if it survives the teething phase.  Well made and worth the money.
My baby loves it.  Lives up to the expectations I had heard about it.  It is durable, washable, and easy to grasp.
While the price is slightly high for a teething toy, my son loved Sophie from the moment he saw her. He was about 2 months old when Sophie entered his life and was his favorite teether. She does seem slightly flimsy, almost like a cheap dog toy. However, she endured my son teething and never broke. My son was about a nine months old when he lost interest. Overall, I recommend her as a supplement to the freezer teething rings!
Sophie, oh Sophie, your time has come. My granddaughter, Violet is 5 months old and starting to teeth. What joy little Sophie brings to Violet. Sophie is made of a very pliable rubber that is sturdy but not tough. It is quite easy for Violet to twist Sophie into unheard of positions to get Sophie into her mouth. The little nose and hooves fit perfectly into small mouths, and the drooling has purpose. The paint on Sophie is food quality.Sophie was born in 1961 in France. The maker had wondered why there was nothing available for babies and made Sophie from the finest rubber, phthalate-free on St Sophie\'s Day, thus the name was born. Since that time millions of Sophie\'s populate the world. She is soft and for babies little hands easy to grasp. Violet especially loves the bumpy head and horns of Sophie. Sophie has a long neck that easy to grasp and twist. She has lovely, sizable spots that attract Violet\'s attention. Sophie has happy little squeaks that bring squeals of delight from Violet. She is able to make Sophie squeak and that brings much joy. Sophie\'s smooth skin is soothing to Violet\'s little gums. Sophie is 7 inches tall and is the exact correct size for babies to hold and love.As you well know the first thing babies grasp, goes into their mouths- how wonderful to have a toy that stimulates all of the senses and helps with the issue of teething. Sophie is small enough to fit into any size pocket or bag. Sophie is the perfect find for babies from a few months to a year old. How wonderful to hear the giggles and laughs that emanate from babies who find Sophie irresistible. Viva La Sophie!Highly Recommended.  prisrob 12-11-09
Just adorable.  My 4 month old son really likes this toy.  Very cute, will be buying another for my brother\'s baby really soon.
I bought this for my daughter when she was three months old.  She is now four months old and we don\'t go anywhere without Sophie.  For the first month I had to hold Sophie so she could chew on her, but now she can hold Sophie herself.  Her favorite part to chew on is Sophie\'s face although her front leg and tail are are very close seconds.  We haven\'t had problems with the rubber cracking or paint rubbing off. Since it\'s all natural rubber and paint (with no clear-coat), it does have a tendency to hang on to dirt but I just wash it every day with her bottles.  (Some water will get into the squeeker, but it\'s usually fine after a couple of squeezes.)I\'m getting ready to buy a second Sophie so that we can keep one in the diaper bag and one at home.  I reluctantly bought the first one after hearing lots of fuss over it -- I mean.... who needs a $20 dog chew toy?  But Sophie was worth every penny.
Excellent teething product. At first, I thought this giraffe was over priced but I certainly have changed my mind.  My grandson loves this giraffe and the material is first rate. Thank you for making him calm during a tough teething time.
This is the best teether...and we have 8 or 9. Not too hard, not too squishy. The dye is made of vegetable oil, so it\'s ok for babies to chew on. The noise is kind of loud (sounds like a dog toy) but the way the squeaker is placed, it rarely squeaks unless you hold it a certain way (when the kid chews on it, it doesn\'t squeak, like you have to actually try to squeak it). At first I felt like it looked rather cheap (like a dog toy) but the plastic is sturdy and holds up to all kinds of abuse. Got this for my son around 6m and he is currently 21m and still using it now that his incisors are coming in. My biggest issue is it seems to easily pick up lint off the carpet. To clean it, run water over the top while holding it upright (so no water gets inside the toy). My son loves to gnaw on the ears and feet, and there was a time when he couldn\'t sleep without it, when his teething was really bad.
it is the one i remember as a kid, what a classic, so happy they haven\'t messed up with its design like most other classic toys. Great must have!
Sophie has been a huge hit with our little guy.  We got her for him for Christmas when he was 3 months old. He immediately grabbed her and stuck her in his mouth. He has just started teething over the past couple of weeks and she is his go-to teething toy when he needs relief or when he is just feeling cranky from the pain. The squeaky in the toy helps distract him and I can get a smile out of him sometimes even through the tears.
This Works wonders during this tough time. Dipped it in a little whiskey and it works great. FYI, whiskey is for Gpa, not the baby :)
I did not get the hype, but, all babies LOVE it. Dont know why, but ours raomed with it, bit it, held it, etc, Then when teething was over ditched it.
I am always skeptical of baby toys- I mean how many toys would a baby need?.As it is they are busy absorbing the world. I saw a few babies with Sophie, and wondered what the big deal was, but...she looked cute. That was the ONLY reason I bought this for my 8 month old baby girl. It took a few days for her to get a hang of Sophie, but now they are inseparable- when changing diapers and baby wants to wriggle out of my grasp, Sophie to the rescue. I set baby down for a nap in her crib, baby wailing- Sophie to the rescue. It is definitely on the pricey side, but worth it. She makes squeaky sounds, and like the description says, very chewy. Buy it, I don\'t think you\'ll regret it- there\'s something special about seeing your baby smile when you show her;her, sophie first thing in the morning :)
Sophie la giraffe is absolutely the best toy ever for babies.Every French baby has her Sophie. I don\'t know a family, a person, a baby in France that has not played with Sophie la Giraffe. Everybody knows her, and she absolutely is a MUST in every family. Her success in France has been lasting for ever: if you look at old pictures of babies, they all have Sophie. And this is for a reason, babies just love her. I can testify that my son can spend an entire day just with this toy and not get bored. each time he sees her he just get so exited and happy. He is 7 months and still loves her. She is much more than a teether.
I waited and waited for a sale on Sophie the Giraffe, and thanks to Amazon\'s Gold Box deal one day, I was able to pick up a Sophie for my daughter. She absolutely loves chewing and squeaking Sophie! I didn\'t realize she was a squeaky toy, I thought she was a more firm plastic, but she is perfect for my baby to chew on!
My daughter also loves this. She\'s 5.5 months and teething. She loves chewing on Sophie. She\'s soft, squeaks and has a pleasant smell.
What baby doesn\'t love Sophie? It is a great baby shower gift for both boys and girls...I\'d give it again. Was going to make it my standard baby shower gift only I forgot to order in time for the last shower!
My son is teething and absolutely LOVES this toy.  Whenever he sees it, he gets so excited and reaches for it.  The rubber and various sizes make for perfect teething.  I highly recommend this and expect to be able to continue to use it as a toy my son will enjoy even when he\'s not teething.
Love Sophie the giraffe!!! She\'s so cute. Can\'t wait to introduce her to my baby girl when she arrives :)
Sophie is a great size for my 3 month old to play with.  He can easily grip her and he can chew on her as he wants.  Love her!
It is a bit pricey, but our son loves his Sophie the Giraffe!  Even though he doesn\'t really hold onto things yet he likes to put her feet in his mouth and watch me move her in front of him.  Can\'t wait until he starts to play on his own with her, it is nice to know she\'s safe to chew on!
I got this as a christmas gift. My 3 month old doesn\'t reach yet, and would only hold things for a short time if I put them in her hand. Sophie is the FIRST toy she has grabbed on her own and even puts it in her mouth! Its super easy for her to hold onto. I\'ve tried giving her other toys since and she drops them like usual. I think this will be her first favorite anything!
Sophie is a fantastic teether toy, my son loves giraffes to begin with so imagine when I found this teether I had to get it for him.  It is a great toy for babies to chew on, soft and firm with just enough give to relieve their need to chew. The only thing is DO NOT try to microwave sterilize this as I did.  I chock it up to first time mom stupidity...  It ruins the squeezing mechanism that produces the little squeak sound when you squeeze it.  I don\'t think the baby cares, as he still chews on it all the time and loves talking to it too!  Still probably a nice \toy-ish\ feature that I ruined.  As tempting as it is to replace, there is nothing wrong with the teether other then the sound so I am stuck with.  Just don\'t do it for yourself so that the baby might enjoy the noise maker as well.
The baby loves chewing on it and is able to maneuver it around very well. The softness of the rubber is great.
Our daughter loves her Sophie.  It is soothing for her gums and helps with dexterity.  She is learning to move Sophie from one hand to the next.
My daughter is 4 months old and will not take a pacifier.  My neighbor got one for her son and told me about it.  I figured I\'d try it out.  I also bought one for my nephew, who also won\'t take a pacifier.  Both babies love her!  She is easy for them to hold and to get into their mouths.  My daughter really loves chewing the feet!  I tell everyone about Sofie!  One of the best toys so far!!
My baby loves this teether.  We always leave it at home though, because I don\'t want to chance loosing it because of the price.  I nick-named it \Seventeen Dollar Sophie.\ lol  The only slight dissapointment I had was seeing that this $17 toy was kind of small.  But it is really perfect.  If it was any bigger, she wouldn\'t be able to hold it well.  We love it.Tip - If washing with water, hold your finger over the little whole. Any water that gets in would be hard to get out and could harbor germs.
My 4 mo Grandbaby LOVES her Sophie. Since everything goes in her mouth, Sophie is a kind toy to her mouth and has lots of different pert that she loves.
I bought this for my daughter at 5 months. She absolutely loves it. It is easy for her to hold on to and she has chewed on about every inch of it possible. She is very amused by the squeaker too. My toddler is even amused by it. I definately recommend it.
I bought this for my granddaughter based on the advice of a new mom.  Apparently, this is the must have product for babies.
I\'ve tried so many and this is the only one he loves. Definately add to your registry or give as a gift. You will not be disappointed.
I was nervous about spending so much on a toy that my dog would potentially steal but my daughter loves it and talk to it all the time. She gnaws on it constantly and  would recommend.
Ok so I had heard of Sophie the Giraffe before and thought to myself \why would I spend so much $$$ on this teething toy when I can just buy my baby a cheap little one?\ well I got one from Secret Santa and let me just say, I would deff buy it! he ignores all his other teething toys and just uses this one. Its so cute and he can use it in every angle, he puts the ears, feet, top, even front of Sophie in his mouth. Its also funny because his gums squeak and its cute. BUY THIS TEETHER!
This is my second time purchasing Sophie for a wee one, and each time they love it.  It is an excellent teething toy.
Such a cute toy.  My daughter loves it.  It is soft and has a cute little squeaker in it too.  She loves to chew away on it and gets so excited when she finds the squeaker.
This toy is the perfect toy. My 3-month old grandson can hold onto it and when his mom is desperate, she\'ll have him suck on the face, because the shape is good for that. While babysitting a very unhappy child (not my grandson) I stuck his Sophie\'s foot in his mouth, and instantly he went to chewing away on it and peace prevailed. It\'s soft but durable and the neck and legs are great for little hands to hold on to. I suggest getting 2 and keeping one put away in case one gets lost, because the little guys get attached to Sophie right away.
My nephews and my four kids all had Sophie in the 70\'s and 80\'s, and Sophie hasn\'t changed: she is still the perfect teething toy!  She is the perfect size, the perfect weight, the perfect material.  Babies can grip her easily, hang on easily, and chew on multiple places.  She\'s great in the bath too but her squeeker gets water-logged for awhile.  She\'s perfect; a timeless toy!
Yes. It looks like a dog toy, sounds like a dog toy, and feels like a dog toy. People will give you funny looks... But I can\'t say enough about Sophie. My 4 month old got her today, and this toy has gotten her to use her hands much more than anything else she owns. She loves to hold it and suck on its head. She gets a huge kick out of it when she manages to squeak it.Buy this toy. It looks like you spent a lot of money on a dog toy, but your child will love it and learn from it!
I held off on getting this teether thinking someone would get it for me as a gift.  When I didn\'t receive it as a gift, I finally broke down and bought it, despite what I thought was a high price.  The second I took Sophie out of the package, my daughter fell in love with her.  Sophie is soft and apparently very comforting to chew on.  My daughter loves her.  She chews on her head and her feet and it really seems to help while she\'s teething.  I wish I hadn\'t waited 7 months to buy Sophie.The only drawback (and this is no fault of the toy/teether itself) is that my dogs are obsessed with it because it is so similar to their dog toys.  They wait for my daughter to put it down and then try to grab it.  I have to keep it out of their reach whenever my daughter isn\'t actively using it. (Trying to teach them not to touch it hasn\'t worked yet.) In response to the person who said it is a dog toy - it is NOT.  Yes, it sounds a bit like one and is the texture of one, but it is SAFE for babies to chew.  It is natural rubber and it is made with food-grade paint - unlike all of the dog toys that I have (and have seen).  It was designed specifically for a baby - it is the perfect shape to hold and gnaw on.I am certain if you have a teething baby, you will love this toy!  Just be sure to keep it away from your dogs!
A friend bought me Sophie as soon as she found out I was pregnant.  She said I had to have her, but I was skeptical.  I first gave it to my daughter around 3 months, but she wasn\'t interested.  Then around 6 months, it suddenly became her favorite thing in the world.  She loves to chew on her ears and her feet.  She can grip it nicely around the neck and wave it around, making it squeak (yes, it squeaks!) when it whack against something.  She comes everywhere with us - in the car set, to the doctor to distract her from shots, when we\'re out shopping to keep her occupied if I have to finish something up.  I\'d say Sophie is a must!
I\'ve never met a baby who DOESN\'T like Sophie.  She\'s a legend in our home, where my daughter does not take a paci but loves to chew on Sophie!  I received an extra by mistake from my baby shower, but am sure glad I did, because if one falls on the grocery store floor or something, there\'s another clean one at all times.  Also, when we have play dates, it\'s nice to have two, because inevitably both kids go for Sophie.  We also have the bath tub Sophie which isn\'t quite as awesome due to a different texture, but still gets lots of love.  Some things are worth the price, and this toy is!
Definitely recommend teether. my son LOVES him his Sophie la giraffe teether  he even sleeps holding the toy with him. :)
My son LOVES his Sophie.  He has had one since birth and I have bought one for each of my friends for a baby shower gift.  He chews on her all of the time!  I love that it is made from natural rubber and food grade dye and it can be washed with soap and water.  He loves her so much that most of her spots are worn off.  Best teething toy ever! And she is so Cute!
Sophie is great! My son started using her at 6 months and he takes her everywhere now. He loves to chew her ears and legs and can easily grab on. Would recommend this product.
This is the best teether.  He loves it.  He can chew it, squeek it, beat it, and so on.  I\'d buy this for any baby.  I don\'t know what we\'d do without Sophie.
I\'ve given this many times and each time I get &#34;it\'s just what I wanted!&#34;  Super cute and practical.  I\'ve seen it in use!
My son isn\'t teething yet and hasn\'t really used this toy but I must say I appreciate that it\'s constructed well and isn\'t made in China:)
My son had a Sophie when he was a babe and it was well-loved. I had hoped to find one for his daughter and was pleasantly surprised when the option popped up while I was looking for an infant car seat.  This little giraffe is the perfect size and flexibility for a baby who is teething and just beginning to hold objects. And infants seem to love the face and spotted body.  My grandaughter loves to hear Sophie squeak.  Go ahead, buy one, even though it may seem expensive.
I purchased Sophie the Giraffe for my granddaughter  6 months ago, when she was first born. Sophie has been her constant companion since she was old enough to hold it and chew it, i.e approximately 4 months old. This is better than  a teething ring as it is easier to hold onto.
My daughter LOVES Sophie!  We purchased one and then purchased a \back up\ just incase some thing happens to the first one! Sophie is probably in 50% of the photos we take of our daughter ~ it\'s her favorite toy (she is 9 months and still loves Sophie)
Sophie was a lifesaver during my daughters first year.  She started teething around 3 months, which is when we bought Sophie.  She loved it from the first second I gave it to her, and she barely put it down over the following six months.  In fact, she liked Sophie so much that I started buying Sophie\'s as gifts for other babies we knew.  They loved them just as much as my daughter.  This is a safe and excellent way to help your child through teething.

Easy for baby to handle and of course make its way to the mouth for teething.  Made in Canada so no chinese lead fears either.
I berated myself for purchasing a $22 teether, but my baby has used it to cut six teeth so far and it still looks brand new.  Not sure what it is about this toy over other teethers I bought for her but she definitely favors it.
This is the BEST thing for children who are teething! As soon as I know a friend is pregnant, I order and send it to the new mom!
This is a tether and so much more. I love that it is &#34;green&#34;.  It has textures, sound, and a variety possibilities for chewing.  The legs are long and are good for developing chewing skills.  The ears are bumpy and are good for exposing textures getting ready for foods.  Awesome toy.
Seems a bit silly to me, but this giraffe actually does have a pretty cute face and smile, not that some babies could even focus on it, at least in their early infancy.Sophie is quite soft and malleable, nice, pretty brown spots, with a pleasant &#34;squeaker&#34; in her.  She\'s a much better thing for babies to chew on than plenty of other things they might put into their mouths.  Washable, but from what I\'m reading, don\'t wash Sophie in the dishwasher or in especially HOT water.
I bought Sophie as a teething toy after reading many great reviews and I\'m so glad that I did.  Our baby boy is 5 months old and has been teething for 6 weeks already and he chews on her regularly to help his pain. Other teething toys are so hard and she is softer and rubbery which is very soothing to his gum\'s. Sophie is BPA free too - a total perk!This adorable giraffe is easy for little hands to hold and she\'s light enough for them to get into their mouth. Sophie squeaks like a dog toy so if you have a dog like we do, there may by a little of confusion when the dog sees baby chewing on a toy that they think should belong to them because of the noise.Sophie comes with her story of origination that is as charming as her \classic toy\ look. I recommend purchasing Sophie for any teething baby.
My 8 week old LOVES Sophie. The rubber feels so soft and smooth, the legs almost feel like fingers for her to grasp, and she loves chewing (or \gumming\ to be more accurate) the little ears and horns.  Sophie is the only toy she has shown any interest in so she was well worth the price in my opinion.  Her little squeaker is so sweet!  She also comes with a wonderful history, having been created in the French Alps in 1961 and remaining unchanged since.  She\'s hand made using natural rubber and food quality paints so no toxic chemicals!  She\'s such a hit that I plan to make Sophie my standard gift to mommies from now on.  I can\'t recommend this toy highly enough :)
This is the perfect toy for a new baby. Santa brought this to my newborn, and she loved it since the first time she had it. She was playing with it from the very first moment.
My daughter loves it! I have had no problems. I did not get it for her until she was 9 months old. I wish I had gotten it a few months ago. I would recommend Sophie to  any parent with a teething baby.
I never got hang of it when I saw the price and reviews... but this giraffe is great.. my daughter loves it.. she stops crying as soon as she hears the squishy noice of this.. and screams by putting this in the little mouth and taking it out..  my niece who is 2yrs old also wants one.. :) ..
The neck is just the right size for little hands to grab and all of the edges are perfect for teething
We received this as a gift.  Our baby loves to chew on it.  He is 9 months now and has been using it since we was about 4 months old.  It is one of our favorite toys to hold onto and chew.  It also washes up easy for when it falls on the floor.
Let me be the 1,3777th person to review Sophie the Giraffe.  (I know, what\'s the point after 1,376 reviews, right?)  Will this review ever be read, besides the amazon guy or computer screening reviews?  And still... like the 1,376 before me, I will have my say too.My crazily teething five month old adores this thing.  Yes, it\'s overpriced.  I heard this giraffe sells for a dollar or two in France and that \poor\ kids play with it there.  That\'s probably true, but whatever, I don\'t really care.  All I know is that my teething infant loves Sophie (and chews on and abuses her dreadfully, and she takes it all with nary a complaint) and that\'s enough for me.
I purchased this for my grand-daughter for Christmas. Since then she has cut her first two teeth with Sophie. She loves this teether! It is easy for her to hold on to with the legs or neck. It\'s soft, smooth texture is also pleasing to infants.  We were out shopping one day and she saw another little baby with a Sophie and she wanted it. Of course, we had forgotten hers that day!. This is a great teether and would make any child happy. Would make a great gift since it is a little more costly than most teethers, but well worth the money>
We adore this little giraffe; it was the first thing we bought when we found out we were pregnant.  Timeless!
This is a no brainer... this toy is like baby crack. Every baby I know adores Sophie. My daughter now loves her for the squeak, but she chewed on every part of Sophie\'s body for the entire first year, pretty much. I love that it is made with natural materials. What is the mystery of Sophie? My husband and I think it must be because it\'s such an interesting shape. Most baby teething toys are round, or some simple but geometric shape. This one has fun bendy hooves, wiggly ears, and a most excellent nose to gnaw on. It\'s a toy I buy for every friend who gets pregnant.
Had one for my first two children but it had seen a lot of love so I bought another one for my third child. I don\'t know what it is with these giraffes, but babies just love them. They are easy to hold, soft to chew on. Great baby-toy and something I buy for new parents.
I purchased this teether for my daughter when she was 4 months old and she loved it right away. It was the perfect size for her small hands, easy for her to hold on to and the material is perfect for chewing on. Now she is 7 months old and she still loves it. The neck and legs make it easy for her to hold and shake before she bites down. There are some areas where the paint has rubbed off, but not in chips or chunks. I was worried about the \choking hazard\ that other reviewers mentioned, but she has never had a problem. The legs are not long enough for her to jam down her throat, and the head is too big and awkward with the ears sticking out. It really does look (and sound) like a dog toy, but as much as she loves it, it was worth the price.
It makes happy squeaking sounds, is safe for baby\'s teething, is easy for baby to hold onto, and it\'s basically indestructible.
There is a reason there is so much hype surrounding Sophie - she really is THAT amazing. Always a great shower gift, Sophie manages to make children adore her without crazy bright colors or vibrations or flashing lights. Just a simple almost vintage feeling design, a silly squeaker sound we squeezed, and somehow both my infant and even his 4 year old brother just adore Sophie and she gets daily play. This was the first toy my infant son learned to grasp, at only 2.5 months, and is a must have item whenever we pack the diaper bag. In fact Im looking to buy a backup Sophie just in case anything ever happened to the first - dont know what we would do without her!
My wife and I were skeptical at first because of the price. I mean $15 for a rubber Giraffe. Because of all the great reviews we decided to get it anyway. Our daughter is 5 1/2 months old and she will chew on Sophie\'s legs for a half and hour without a problem. Anyway needless to say we love Sophie and recommend it highly.
My daughter instantly loved Sophie when I handed it to her.  This is perfect for her gums and her tooth that is coming in.  I highly recommend this to every mom and dad.  My daughter is a lot happier!!
Thank you very much receipt of the product, which was in excellent condition and in conformity with the specifications mentioned in the presentationI hope all the shops dealing directly with Saudi Arabia
My mom used to talk about a giraffe toy my brother had as a baby.  When I ordered this for my son, she was surprised and said this was the same toy she always talked about!  My son wasn\'t crazy about any other teethers, but loved Sophie.  I\'ve since gotten this as a gift for several friends/family members as gifts for their babies.  Love!
Very pretty, safe material, good to pratise grasping with, different parts can be chewed on. My baby looks so cute when she holds the giraff in hand.
My 9 mo instantly took to this teether - it became his favorite.... and I love this its natural rubber. I hate him putting plastic products in his mouth!
When we first got this teether in I thought it was just a glorified dog toy. It squeaks and it\'s rubber, I was like whats the big deal, It just drives my dog crazy. My son at first was the same way, but once his teeth started hurting and the started bitting on it he Loved it. It was Love at first Bite. I have it in our diaper bag at all time because for some reason this giraffe can calm him. I don\'t know how it works but it does. This teether has helped this mom out a lot during those stressful teething times.
Baby D never leaves home with out his Sophie!  I like that he likes it, and that it\'s made of natural materials.  Super easy to squeek, but the dogs get confused! LOL!
Bought this for my 4 month old nephew who was teething. My grandaughter also has one and loves it. Just the right size and feel. Has quickly become a favorite. I think they would highly recommend Sophie the giraffe!
I bought this for my teething puppy, and I love that my puppy loves chewing on it. I know it\'s a bit unusual to buy a baby toy for a puppy, but I noticed that my puppy didn\'t particularly like all the tough chew toys out there. So, I did a little research and found Vulli. My puppy loves chewing on Vulli because she is soft and squeaks easily.One thing to note is that Vulli is extremely soft compared to typical dog chew toys so if your puppy is rough, he can easily puncture Vulli. I actually made the mistake of letting one of our friends\' adult dog play with Vulli, and he instantly chewed a hole in Vulli so that she no longer squeaked. I quickly ordered a replacement, and Vulli has survived the many weeks my puppy has played with her since.
Really great for the tiny ones.  Easy to hold and chew on at the same time. Really likedthe productand will reccomend it.
Very fast delivery!  I can\'t wait to give it to my new neice!Thank you!
My son loves this toy! It\'s perfect for when your little one is teething. Becareful if you have a dog that likes sqeaker toys. The first time my son squeaked it our dog ran right over to it. Now we have to watch to make sure the dog doesn\'t try to grab it. :-)
My daughter got this when she was around 3 months old and just loves to gnaw on her little giraffe and to squeak it!  Super cute!
My daughter, now 7 months old, adores her Sophie.  Yes, it does have a very faint smell (the rubbery odor on ours has faded until it\'s nearly gone and we\'ve not had it that long), and I still don\'t really let her play with any toy unsupervised, but she loves to hold it, bite it, squeeze it, squeak it and pass it from hand to hand.  I really love this little toy.  It makes her smile every time she sees it, it\'s her preferred teether, and of all the toys and teethers she has that are top-rated on Amazon it\'s this one she loves the best. She reaches for it every time, and I\'m using it to help her practice crawling.
I originally thought $20 was some what on the high end for a teething toy.  If you have a teething baby at home you will understand that no amount is to much to soothe your baby.  From the moment I saw this little giraffe I fell in love with how cute it was and is.  My daughter got her 1st two teeth by 3 1/2 months and now at 6 months she already has six teeth.  I am very happy with this product and think it\'s especially good for young babies since it\'s easy to hold.  I also love the fact that it squeaks and so does my daughter.
My daughter is 4 months old, and is really starting to chew on things.  I wanted something safe, so I bought her a Sophie.  She loves it!  Once she discovered she could make it squeak, she liked it even more.  The rubber does have kind of a strange smell, but that doesn\'t seem to bother her.  She likes to chew on the legs the most.  I would definitely recommend this product for other little teethers out there.
It is the best teether ever. It does the job and my son loves it. Every baby should have one.
Great teether, soft and hard and noisy in all of the right places....The baby LOVES it!!!
I bought Sophie for all the little teethers in my life this year --there were four-- for holiday gifts.  Well, the feedback has been terrific.  These arrived on time as promised before Christmas and were quite well received by the children as well as their parents.  What a perfect gift!
I have triplets.  When I first got the product in the mail, I was disappointed.  It looked like a cheap dog toy.  BUT!  My kids love it!  Well worth the money.
6 month old grand daughter loves to chew on it.Helps for teething.It is cute and right size for baby. Soft and easy for baby to handle.
This is the 2nd Sophie I have purchased  for my grandkids.  My grandson took his everywhere and i mean everywhere so consider getting the Sophie teether for the bathtub also.  My granddaughter is just loving hers also, and i am so glad that it is something that will calm them down while they are teething, we all know how hard that is.  I have another gradchild to be born in May and I plan to buy Sophie aheadof time for him or her. My granddaughter is teething early so I plan to be prepared for the next one. This is just my preference but I only buy the original Vulli Sophie Giraffe I know it worked for my first grandson so well, why mess with perection. Totally worth the money.
Vulli Sophie the Giraffe Teether is a classic toy!  I was skeptical but thought I\'d give it a try and I am so glad I did!  My son loved it starting at about 4 months. The only thing is the squeaker does resemble my dog\'s toys. So on occasion a person may have to rustle it away if the have a dog that loves squeaky toys. Otherwise a great toy!
My daughter told me babies love Sophie so I have been buying these as gifts.  So adorable and charming.  Love her!
I got this for my baby when he was around 5 months old. He loved chewing on it from day one. It was a little smaller than I expected but it was light and very easy for the baby to handle. You have to squeeze the body or head to get it to squeeze. When the baby is chewing on it, you just hear a rubbing rubber noise.The baby is now 8 months old with two teeth and still like to chew on it. Sophie is still looking pretty good but the color has started to fade on the areas where chews on the most (ears and hooves).Your friends will make fun of you for buying such an expensive \chew toy\ but it is totally worth it :)
My daughter is 8 months now and still loves her \Sophie\.  We got this for her when she was three months and, now that the teeth are coming in full force, Sophie offers her some relief. Even as the baby gets more \play\ oriented Sophie seems to be a top \go to\ toy--well worth the price.
Sophie is well worth the money! Our 6 month old son LOVES it. It is the only teether that he is able to hold firmly and put any part of it in his mouth. The squeaker is slightly annoying, but tolerable. The surface is a bit tacky and helps him hold onto it better than most toys (and not drop it as esaily in restaurants, etc).
Love that this is made of natural rubber. Perfect for my little one to slobber all over. Ha! I totally recommend. :)
A lot of my friends are having children and this is becoming my go-to baby shower present.  Their babies love Sophie!At stores (mostly boutiques) you\'ll find it for $20+.  Amazon.com has the best price!
My son loves his sophie. It small enough for him to hold and chew and soft enough that he doesn\'t hurt himself. So...we both LOVE Sophie!!!! And the seller shipped so fast...it was great all around!!!!
My first born loved his Sophie the Giraffe when he was teething. She is very cute and good for a girl or a boy. I have since bought 2 as presents and new one for baby #2. I have not figured out how to clean her without washing away her spots.
My daughter is 6 months and she loves this. Very easy to grab and great for soothing those teeth.
I just noticed this morning when I caught the end of the movie-in the emotional taxi scene towards the end, this is the last thing he gives the baby:)my son loved teething on this and it is great for reaching both the back 2 year old molars and the tough front canines-my son still likes to play with his giraffe!
After spending a small fortune on teethers I decided to try Sophie and glad I did.  My niece loves it.  Only negative thing is you cannot place them in hot water or the dishwasher.  We may invest in other Vulli teethers.
What a cute giraffe! He\'s going to be well loved by our new granddaughter! What a fun toy for her, especially during teething times!
My 6 month old LOVES her Sophie giraffe! We have 2...just in case! It instantly calms her down when she\'s fussy! Great for teething!
My baby girl loves this toy. She\'s had it ever since she was born and loves it still, 10 months later.She likes to chew on vulli\'s legs, it soothes her gums when teething.Highly recommended.Stephanie H
My baby enjoys bashing Sophie into everything that she sees. She likes the squeaking noise it makes. If we go anywhere, Sophie had better be there too!
As a mother of 16month old twins; I bought Sophie [1 for each, of course] when they were 4 months old after careful reading of all reviews. I heard great things about Sophie and wanted to give her a try. At 4 months babies can\'t do much more than grasp and semi gnaw on Sophie. For many months I had to squeeze Sophie myself [which I personally enjoyed] and set it on their laps. They LOVED Sophie. The squeak is LOUD and sounds exactly like a dog\'s squeaky chew toy, just for those who are wondering.As they grew and their motor skills developed to each milestone, Sophie gained more and more individual babytime. The twins were able to squeeze her themselves and chew on her around the clock. They love to throw her, stretch her, squeeze her, chew on her, drool on her... you name it, they have done it. One of the two Sophie\'s took an extended vacation out in the back yard [unbeknownst to me] and once found, a little water had her looking like a champ again... ready to face another day of playtime.They still enjoy squeezing Sophie [2 at once can do a number on your ears though].Over all: Sophie is durable, soft rubber, easily squeezable, and a very cute toy.With over a year of teething twins, Sophie has not faded, or been worn down. No stretching, or flaking of paint or rubber.Don\'t be lead astray by bad reviews. This is a GREAT product.The age range I would recommend would be from 6months - 15months. That is where Sophie will get the most use out of your little one.
I bought Sophie from Amazon before my daughter was even born. It was highly rated and figured it was good. IT IS! My daughters now 6 months and has been playing and biting Sophie since she was 3 months. She loves Sophie. :)
This was one of my son\'s favorite toys and now we\'ve been giving them, from him, to everyone we know that is expecting and they\'ve all loved her.  Soft, squeaky, cute and, most importantly, SAFE.  Spreading a little Sophie has been a huge success!
Well worth the price.  This is very durable.  My little guy had 8 teeth by the time he was 7 months and has gnawed on this thing like you wouldn\'t believe.  It is in the same great condition as when we got it.  The legs of the giraffe allow little ones to localize teething more efficiently.
This is hands down one of the best baby products we have - particularly at this stage (approximately 5 months). My expectations were very high given the positive reviews, and they were easily met. Our little one spends so much time chewing on Sophie\'s head, then Sophie\'s ears, then a leg, then she tries to get all four legs in her mouth, etc. The design makes it really easy for little hands to hold on to. Sophie is my go-to toy when we are in public and I need to occupy the baby with something. Yes, it is a little pricey. We received it as a gift and I probably would have balked at spending so much money on a teething toy, but I\'m very happy that we have it.
I heard from many people to buy this product. My son is obsessed with it - not sure what makes Sophie so much more fun to chew on than all of his other toys, but I definitely recommend this one!
I would recommend, My four month old loves it!!! She is starting to teeth and it feels good on her gums and keeps her occupied.
I am a grandmother that know a lot about toy and this one looks like a deer I gave my children, which was a great teething toy. I sent one to a cousin which she has greatful for she just heard about it from a friend. Every newborn shoud have this item.
Sophie rocks!  Much softer than it looks and my 5 month old LOVES IT!  Excellent product, best teether toy we have bought!  The squeak keeps him interested too!  Buy it!
Great baby toy! My 6-month-old son loves his Sophie the Giraffe toy! He is currently teething and I read reviews  that Sophie is the best teether out there.
Wow is waht I can say. My grandaughtes 5 mo and  3mo love this toy. Its easy for them to hold and put in there mouths. Would recommend for all teathing babies..
Grandson loves this Giraffe. It is easy for him to hold onto and he stares at all the spots and the eyes. He also like to try to nibble on the head. It is light weight enough for hime to move it from one hand to the other while investigating it from top to bottom and side to side.
We purchased this for our 4 month old son and he loves it. He is now 5 months and he uses it every day. The material is soft, easy to grasp and non toxic. I just hope we don\'t lose it.
My 14 month old daughter loves Sophie.  Is is very light and has lots of differnt things to chew on, from the legs to the head.  It is made of all natural rubber and paint which is great.  Definitely worth the price!
Sturdy material and easy to clean. Light enough for the little one to hold while lying down and not be afraid when he drops it on himself. Would have liked to know beforehand that it squeeks though. But it\'s fine \'coz the little one likes the sound. He loves chewing on the legs. Will buy this again.
I can\'t say enough about how much I love this. My 3 month old loves this toy so much. Once she gets her little fingers wrapped around it, she will not let it go. It goes everywhere with us. I\'m thinking I need to buy a 2nd one for Nana\'s house. I\'d never heard of Sophie before my 2nd pregnancy, and once I saw it in a magazine, I knew I had to have it. The price seems a little high for a teething toy, but once my daughter saw it and started going crazy for it, I knew it was well worth it.
This is a great toy for teething babies. We have one for each and they both love it. What more can you say?
My baby looooves this teether!  I think she likes the contrasting color, it\'s light enough for a four month old to handle, the legs fit perfectly in the mouth to soothe the front teeth.
My 5 month old baby loves it. Easy to hold and keeps her occupied wherever we are! Seems to relieve teething pain quite well..
My daughter has had this giraffe since she was about 4 months and has loved it since day one.  She is currently 8 months and still loves to suck on it, chew on it, squeak it, or just \pet\ it.  Great toy, and totally worth the price.
My Grandson loves his Sophie.  Would recommend buying for any teething baby.  Great Product and packaging.  Adroable and worth every penny!
perfect for our needs -- we use it only when we travel (leave the baby sleeping in a bedroom and hanging out with friends/ relatives in the living room/ or in the yard) or when we are at home and have music on in the living room and she is sleeping in the bedroom.  We do not use it when we are sleeping in the night, since our bedroom is right besides her room and we can hear any mid/loud sound she makes very easily without a monitor.voice activation works well (though it does fire up for a few seconds every once in a while, since we use a white noise maker) -- good range
I have been using this great monitor for over 8 months.  No problems at all.  I like the voice activation feature.  When this feature is turned on, there is no noise at all not even a hum coming from the monitor.  This is great especially at night.  It picks up any wimper or cry and it comes through very clearly.  This is a quiet monitor even without using the voice activation feature.  No annoying static hum like our previous monitor.  The rechargeable battery is wonderful.  It has a long life and gives a warning beep when it needs to be recharged.  I have taken it outside with no problems.  I have recommended this monitor to all my friends and family.
My husband and I traded in our Safety 1st monitor due to all of the static and thought we would try the Sony since it had so many channel options.  I am so glad we did.  I set it to the voice activation mode and it picks up every sound my son makes, but nothing else!!  There is no static, no backround noise, no nothing but what I want to hear.  When I do hear my son, it sounds as if he\'s right next to me so I don\'t have to guess at how urgent his needs are.  I love this monitor and would definitely recommend it to anyone!!!
The reviews were so helpful and convinced me to take back my fisher price monitor. I had been through 3 different monitors and none would allow you to hear baby breathing. YOU CAN HEAR THEM BREATHE VERY CLEARLY!! Small and easy to use. Would highly recommend
No complaints at all,  I\'m really Happy with the monitor, clear sound, range is good, the option of recharging batt is a plus, love it.
Works awesome! Very clear reception! Does search randomly, even when its not very far away. Holds charge great!!! Definitely recommended!!
It\'s been 5 years since I purchased a monitor I had one of the fisher price with my son and it was horrible, it had static and you couldn\'t get out of the house with it.  So I did my research this time, and I\'m so glad I did.  This monitor is WONDERFUL.  It is crystal clear and as another poster mentioned I can actually hear my daughter breathe when I turn the volume up loudly enough.  I\'ve never had any beeping like others complained of and I would recommend this to everyone i know
I just got this, but not for monitoring a baby.The problem I had was, the alarm system at the house announces things with speech, but the house entrance is too far away to hear it clearly.So I got this, have the \voice detection\ mode enabled, so it only turns on when the alarm system speaks, and it works really great.Replaces a home-built VOX circuit thing I had built myself, but this works far better and is a really clean solution for this problem.
I wanted a monitor that I could recharge. This works great, good product. I recommed.
We have a pretty big house and I was not very sure if the range would be enough... but surprisingly, this monitor works in our garage as well. I could clearly hear my 2 month\'s old breathing.. I can run on my treadmill in garage in peace now:-)
To sum up,PROS:  Ultra-sensitiveNo interferenceNo staticSturdily builtGood volume rangeBatteries easy to accessCONS:  Doesn\'t come with 2 receiversTransmitter doesn\'t have battery backupI am a second-time mom.  In my 2 year old\'s room, we have a Graco Ultraclear monitor which is pretty good, though there is some constant \white noise\ even at the lowest volume.I wanted something that was just a little quieter for my new baby\'s room, so I tried the Clearview Monitor by Summer because of decent reviews here, and I wanted two receivers.  With the Clearview monitor, all I got was static, no matter where I plugged in the monitor or receiver.  It was horrible, I returned it the next day.Based on the reviews here, I picked up this Sony Baby Call 27-Channel monitor.  What a world of difference!  I am sacrificing the two-receiver feature I wanted; however this monitor is SO sensitive to my baby\'s sounds and there is no static at all.  I hear every sound my baby makes and none of the interference.I am so glad I got this monitor!  I only wish it had 2 receivers, that for me would make it just about perfect.  Oh, and I wish the transmitter itself would have battery backup (instead of just the receiver), but it seems those are VERY hard to find.
As mom to 3 children under 3, I now have 3 sets of these monitors.  They are so worth the extra cost- great range, no static or neighbor monitor interference, love the rechargable and water resistant features.  I like how I can turn up the volume and hear my children breathing- yes this is a neurotic mom thing- but its so reassuring if you are worried about them or wonder if they are sleeping or awake.  Our children\'s bedrooms are upstairs and ours is downstairs, so I rely on my monitors a lot to know what is going on with them at night.
We bought this monitor for our third child.  We\'ve had the monitor in use for 7 months now.  I just love it - I think it\'s the best monitor we\'ve had so far.PROs:  The battery is rechargeable, a opposed to being a 9-volt, which die quickly.  Once recharged, which takes about 4-5 hours of being plugged in (less time if the monitor is off), the battery will last about 12 hours!  This is great for carrying the monitor around the house during the day while baby is sleeping.  The monitor is very sensitive.  Even with a white noise machine in the baby\'s room, I can hear the baby making even the slightest noise, so there must be some kind of noise filter built in.  The range on the monitor is great.  I can have my baby in the front bedroom of the house and be out in the backyard working on the garden (a good 30 yards and through a few walls), and I still have a clear signal.CONs:  Sometimes the monitor signal to the base is lost and the receiver makes a beep-beep-beep noise while it tries to locate the signal.  This can be quite annoying if it\'s 2 AM and the monitor is next to your head.  This only happens about once every 5-7 days.I do wish I had purchased the monitor with dual receivers.
We registered for and received the Fisher Price Sounds n Lights monitor with dual receivers.  It worked fine for about a day then there was constant static that would not go away no matter what.  So I returned that one and bought the Sony Babycall.  WE LOVE IT!  I especially love that we don\'t have to buy batteries for it.  Just plug it in to recharge (just like a cell phone).  Of course at night we just leave it plugged in.  It sounds great, our 900 mhz phones interfere with it very little (I love the 27 channels on the monitor) and I like that it does have lights to indicate noise.  I definitely recommend this monitor.
I should have written this review a long time ago.  This is a great baby monitor!  I relied heavily on the reviews posted here before deciding on this brand, and am very glad that I did.  I have had NO problems with it.  It has clear sound, an easily recognizable range and battery low alarm, and great reception range.  The rechargeable battery is wonderful.  I typically have the monitor on for a few hours each night, and only have to recharge it about once a week.  I highly recommend this product.  The extra money is worth the hassle-free operation.
My sister said she liked this baby monitor and I\'m glad I listened!  You can have it on full time or set it to a voice activated setting.  It is worth more than I paid for it!
I did my re-search on Amazon before buying the Sony baby Monitor.  This is one of the best Baby Monitors.  it is so sensative that we can hear him breathing  in his crib.  It is amazing.  We have have heard of a few people getting a weird screeching sound in the middle of the night.  We had the same thing happen and I figured it out to just be interferance.  I changed the channel and every thing works great.
This monitor was not as expense as some of the other monitors. It is very sensitive, even monitoring sounds from our kitchen (the baby\'s room is next to the kitchen). If you turn the volume down, the red lights flash to indicate how much sound is being emitted from the room where the monitor is. If you get a lot of red lights, you know the baby is crying loudly. A few red lights means the baby is just talking or playing.
This monitor has been wonderful.  We have used it for 6 months and are very pleased.  I was afraid of baby monitors after hearing the horrible hum from other monitors.  This monitor does not hum like those.  The range is good.  We have a two story townhouse and when we are in the basement or in our backyard we are still in range.We have never heard any interference from the monitor (our neighbors are so close but we have never heard them).  It does however interfere slightly with our cordless phone.  There is a slight hum on our phone when the monitor is on.  We have not tried to change the channel on the monitor- it would probably fix it- but we rarely use our home phone so it wasn\'t a huge issue.The monitor holds its charge for quite awhile and you can recharge it at night while listening.I would not use the voice activation setting on the monitor.  We never use it, but I was curious so I tested it one morning when the baby was making small wake-up sounds.  Those sounds did not come through.  So, if a baby was in trouble I would think that those sounds wouldn\'t come through either.  This monitor is so clear that you don\'t need that setting anyways.There are a few quirks with this monitor, as I have listed above, however they have not been a problem for us so I left my review at a 5 because it is so darn clear (we can hear the little birdies out side the bedroom window through the monitor).  It was well worth the amount we paid for it, which I didn\'t think was bad either.
It is used by the caregiver at night to monitor Grandma.  Provides one-way listening from one room to another in the same house.  Recommended
Ireceived a fisher price baby monitor as a shower gift I believe it was calm and vibrating something....Anyhow pluggged it in and only got static I would have to turn it all the way up to hear my little girl and tons of static.  I recom the sony because the sound is very clear and it also come with a rechargable battery like in a cordless phone great for going upstairs for a few minutes.  Well this is my first review and it is a good one.
I bought this product as a gift for a friend who is about to have a baby.  The item was on her registry at a major retailer, and I was originally going to purchase the item from that retailer.  But I found the item on Amazon.com for a cheaper price, and although I ended up paying a little bit for shipping, I still paid less than what I would have through the other retailer with shipping included.  Also, the other retailer could not guarantee that I would get my item on time (for the baby shower).  I received this item very quickly through Amazon, and my friend is very happy with her gift.
Knowing that I can hear my baby upstairs should she need me. It is veryclear and the \Voice Activated\ setting has no annoying hiss while the weeone is quiet. Good product - has been working fine for months now and was a good price (bought a used one).
I first saw this monitor at the store but decided to wait to buy it until I could read some of the reviews on it here... I\'m glad I did!!!  My husband picked up one yesterday and we absolutely love it!  Its amazing how clear and static free the reception is... no more picking up the neighbors phone conversations like the Baby\'s 1st one did.
I wanted a baby monitor that would allow my to hang laundry on the line or take a shower without bringing the baby with me.  This does that.  I love that it\'s not constantly giving static thanks to the voice activation feature, and while I occasionally get an out-of-range beep, it\'s only very occasionally (usually when I\'m moving).  I\'ve had no problem getting a signal anywhere in my 1600 sqft house or 1000 sqft yard.  Also, the battery on this thing seems to last forever.  I have not charged it since receiving it two weeks ago.
I have tried others nd this one is the bet. I bought it twice. Our last one took a swim in the toilet but I bought it again!!!
I performed the tests in different parts of my house and the result was excellent in 98%, there was only one place where you could hear interference momentary depending on the position of the radio, the test performed on 4 levels ( floor ) and compared it with another brand (Safety 1st) and it works fine, I recommend it!
I purchased this for my first child and I can\'t regret it. It has a very good range and clear and very sensitive mic. What is also awesome is the \voice mode\, where the monitor only emits sounds when the baby is actually making noise. It has a range alarm if the mic module goes off or outside range, so you know that the monitor is not working.The monitor unit battery life is very good, just need to remind to charge it from time to time. It also has a clip to attach to yourself so you can carry around with you.Strongly recommended this product, I\'m buying 2 more to give as gifts to new parents.
This monitor has worked great for our family.  There have been no problems adding a second to our house because there are so many channels to choose from, interference hasn\'t been an issue.  Both have worked for 2+ years each without any problems except for the expected rundown of the rechargable battery.I agree with some other reviewers about noise/static around other wireless appliances, but it\'s usually easily resolved by moving the receiver half a foot in a different direction.  It\'s more pricey than other monitors out there, but it\'s been worth the money for us.
A vast improvement over my old monitors. No static or interference. The LED lights that flash with sound works great for me because I like to play video games at night and I use headphones. So I position it where I can see the lights flashing if something is going on.
I have been through my share of monitors and this one is by far the best!  It holds its charge for a long time and I haven\'t had any interferance at all.  Very much worth the money!  Skip the cheap monitors and go straight for this one- you\'ll save money in the long run!
We had a Safety First monitor initially and it was terrible! There was all sorts of interference (static, loud/high-pitched buzzing, phone conversations, etc) that would wake our baby up constantly, which needless to say was unacceptable. We bought the Sony Baby Call - 27 channel and haven\'t had a moment of interference, except when we are getting out of range. Our son however hears nothing on his end. If you live in a densely populated area as we do this is definately the monitor for you!
Why pay more when you can get a reliable, static free monitor with plenty of range? We can hear her breathing without static. This is a plus over the two other products  we had used before.
The reception is great from two floors away inside my house and from about 50+ feet away outside the house, and you can\'t beat it that the battery is rechargeable, which has saved me lots of money over the past three years I haved used the unit. No problems at all. I highly recommend this monitor.
Extremely quiet, and good range.  I also love the volume adjustment on the side to allow us to hear the baby without waking our toddler.
This baby monitor does the job.  As with anything else one needs to read the instructions in order to have successful results.  I have no problems with this monitor.
I have 4 children, ages 4,3,2 and 4 months old. My husband and I received this as a shower gift for our first child in 2008. It has been through the mill in this house with things being spilled on it, children carrying it around and playing with it, being thrown or falling and it and it just recently \broke\ after nearly 4 1/2 years. I say \broke\ because it can still be used if you didn\'t care about using the volume. The light will still turn red when the child makes noise, but you just can\'t hear the noise. Now, it does beep sometimes and yes, the beeping is annoying, but it would do it mostly if my cell phone was close to it or if i had my other receiver next to it (we have 2 of these for multiple rooms). At night i would keep it plugged into the charger because the charge would die close to morning time and the connection with the wire would be a little messed up and that would cause it to beep sometimes. But it serves it\'s purpose and for a baby monitor that costs $30 and lasts about 4 years, to me, is a winner.
This is the second baby monitor I have purchsed to watch over my grandson as he sleeps. The first was a Fisher Price one (junk as it didn\'t even last a year). I love this one for its simplicity, yet its features as well. First, it stays silent while it is on. The Fisher Price had a wall of static noise when it was turned on. This one only activates with noise. It also has the lights that indicate sound coming in and it has numerous frequencies to choose from. I would say, for the price, you cannot go wrong with this product.
This is my third monitor purchase, and I LOVE IT!  I have 900 MHz telephones, and a computer wireless system.  The other monitors interfered constantly with them.  This Sony monitor is fabulous.  It amplifies all the right noises, and filters out all of the other ones.  I would absolutely recommend this monitor.  It\'s worth the money!
It is such a great tool for a new grandmother who kept her newborn granddaughter overnight.  You could practically hear her breathing.  This is a great gift.
We live in a high rise condo building. The first monitor we received as a gift was so bad we almost lost hope of finding a monitor that would work in a large building. After reading the ratings on this monitor we decided to try it. We were so excited to find that it worked absolutely perfectly. It works so well, and the other one worked so poorly that it was amazing.If you haven\'t bought a monitor yet, and only want to have to buy one once, buy this one.
Works great...we love the voice activation feature which kicks on the monitor only when your little one stirs. Have had no problems whatsoever.
My husband and I love this monitor.  It is super sensitive and picks up all the sounds coming from the babies room.  We loved it so much we bought another one for our second child.  The range is good, the battery lasts a long time, they have been dropped onto hardwood floors plenty of times and still work great.  This is a GREAT monitor for a GREAT price.
I\'m just a very nervous mother that has finally found a monitor that works.  I spent 3 months with my daughter in my room, and I dreaded the day that I would have to move her into her own room more than 35 feet away.  With this monitor it sounds like she is still in the room with me and I\'m not kept awake with the sounds of static in my ear.  I will say that I did have to tinker with the channel settings to find the best one for my house, but I found that right channel after 5 tries.  The bottom line is that if you hate your baby monitor, but you need one; get this one, and let those worries go.
I bought a real cheapie monitor first, and now realize it was money thrown down the drain as it broke fairly quickly, and never provided a clear, static free sound.  This monitor has great sound quality, a good price point, and some fab features.  I love all the channels to choose from so you can be sure to get the best sound for your situation.  I love the voice activated feature, the rechargeable batteries, the signal that lets you know when you\'re out of range, and the warning light that it needs to be charged.  There are a ton of great reviews on the product for a reason.  It deserves it.  I\'m so glad I believed those reviews!
I simply had to write this review to encourage anyone who\'s on the fence or unsure of which monitor to buy to consider this product. My husband and I are both VERY impressed by the quality of sound this monitor delivers. I am absolutely terrified of SIDS and am constantly worrying about my son\'s sleeptime breathing. This monitor is so clear that I\'ve only had to go into his nursery twice in four months (during periods of VERY quite breathing that I could barely hear while standing over him). I really can\'t say enough about the peace of mind this gives me during the night -- and during his daytime naps.On the \pratical points\ side, the battery life seems to be quite long. We\'ve only had one instance of the battery even running low, and we use it a lot while it\'s not plugged into the charger. We haven\'t had any problems with interference, either. It does cause a little static on our older (5+ years) cordless phone, but only when we accidentally set the monitor right next to the phone base. But we\'ve never had any static or interference during \normal\ operations.One thing we\'ve done is pair this with the Baby\'s Quiet Sounds Video Monitor, which we received as a shower gift and decided to keep. The video monitor is quite bulky, so we keep that in our bedroom and use the Sony handheld as our portable monitor. (The sound quality on the Sony is much better than the one on the Quiet Sounds monitor.) But the video feed is nice to have during those \is he really awake or just fussing\ moments during the night that you can\'t always decipher with just sound.
We started off with the Fisher-Price Sight and Sounds monitor and couldn\'t even hear our son over the static.  I read all the reviews on this monitor and bought it after just one night of using the old one.  We got it home and tested it out and we can even hear our son breathing, it is so quiet.  I love the standby feature, it cuts out noise until the baby makes a sound!!!!  We would highly recommend it!!!!!!
Being first time parents and all that, my husband and I went a bit bonkers and bought a $350 monitor from Sharper Image with video screen and 4 channels, thinking it must be the absolute tippy top. Well, all I got was static and random fading out of the signal. When the baby was sleeping through the night, the monitor was waking me up beeping and hissing because at 4am it had suddenly detected some interference and lost the plot. I took it back 3 times and each one was the same.A few days ago I got my money back and bought the Sony Baby Call. What a difference!!! Clear as a bell - NO static. The 27 channels fearure is what gets it for me. We live in a downstairs apt (where even our cellphone doesn\'t ring, we are so blocked in) and I am sure the people above us and beside us have things going at various time which interfered with the reception. However, the Sony worked like a charm out of the box. I no longer feel the need to have a video screen, so this is just perfect. I wanted to add to the posters who have said it is better than the lower priced monitors -- it is better than the higher priced ones too!!!!! And I have never been motivated to write a review before now, so you can tell I am REALLY impressed.
We had one with our first daughter and bought a second for our second child.  We never saw the need for a video monitor and think that a sound only monitor is all that is needed.  We only had a few issues with feedback and then we\'d change the channel and it\'d work fine again.  The first one finally broke after two years and several drops onto the hard floor.
This monitor works beautifully. It is so clear that we can hear the baby breathing while he is sleeping. I definitely recommend this product to anyone looking for a good baby monitor.
I have tried another monitor before and have returned it for the lack of sensitivity, it simply was not loud enough to hear the baby. NOT This one, this ONE simply is the BEST. Not to mention the SONY brand, I have tried SONY products before such as laptop, lasted for about 9 yrs, and is still working fine. Great job SONY, keep up a great product and you will continue maintaining consumers.
We have been through several monitors and this one has NO STATIC.  It is as clear as if she were right next to us.  I highly recommend this product.  Sony has never let me down before.
We had our first child 9 weeks ago.  As new parents, you are learning everything about baby products.  We have been using Amazon for the customer reviews and have been very happy with the results.We registered for this monitor and received it for a shower gift.This is the best monitor I have ever heard.In his nursery, we have the monitor plugged in on the opposite wall of the crib.  The first time we used it, I kept hearing a noise--upon investigating-it was him breathing.The clarity of the sounds is exceptional and there is virtually no static.When my wife is in the nursery with him, if she wants to tell me something, she whispers and I can understand every word she says.Out of other monitors I have seen in use from friends, this monitor is the best when it comes to clarity, dependability, and battery life.
I am happy with the Sony Baby Call Nursery.  I read the reviews, bought it and it just works :)
I bought this for an unusual purpose:  monitor my dogs\' barking in the back yard.  (2 Jack Russels, disgruntled neighbor sending anonymous letters)  After choosing another and sending it back, I got this Sony NTM-910.  I put it in between the screen and the glass on the enclosed porch, if the weather is OK.  I can\'t believe it.  I can hear the birds, I can hear every dog barking anywhere near my yard, shoot, I can even hear the wind!  My house is brick with a minimum of windows. The reception is clear anywhere in the house.  The instructions say: it is built to withstand moisture, but if it gets really wet, just take out the batteries and let it dry for a couple of days  (haven\'t had to try that one yet!)If the monitor and receiver get close to each other, there is loud feedback.  If the connection between the two is lost, such as power failure or forgot to plug it in, the receiver screams.  My cordless phone causes a mild hum in the receiver at 5 feet or closer.  These units are as not small as some of the new digitals are, but they are  very stable.  Not likely to fall over or change any setting by mistake.  But, if you want a small one that you can wear on your pocket, this is not your monitor.It\'s is an excellent performer. I am delighted and highly recommend it.
I love this monitor because it has several channels to try. We have only portable phones in our house and worried we might get interference from them. With this monitor all we hear is baby. I like too that it has a sound activated receiver. It keeps the batteries fresh. It also keeps me from hearing the small noises that wake me up. The only thing I don\'t like about this monitor is that it lloks like the one in the move &quot;Signs&quot;. Other than that I recommend it to all new parents!!
At my first impression of this product, I was impressed by the functionality and quality of it. It feels very solid and durable and it is easy to use. The Instructions are fairly clear and after trying 3 different products to monitor our baby I am very pleased with the performance of this one. The sound is crisp and the audio transmitter microphone is very sensitive; this in collaboration with a loud volume option makes this monitor perfect for us and our baby. Haven\'t had it for very long so I cannot comment on the longevity of the product but strait out of the gate, it\'s a good one.
Our baby isn\'t here yet, but we\'ve spent the last month or two researching, looking, trying out, and buying various things.  I saw the high ratings here on Amazon, and went to a local toy store to look into them - and purchased it.I put it in the room with my TV, fresh out of the box without charging the *rechargable* battery (another bonus with it).  I then walked out of the house to the far corner of my yard - a good test of the range.  I could hear the TV so clearly, without any static or any other noise, that I may as well have still been sitting in the room with the TV.If you\'re looking for a monitor that\'s worth every penny, this is your choice.
This is a great monitor.  Our son started out in a bassinette in our room but after 6 weeks didn\'t seem comfortable in the confined space.  So, I decided I had to try his crib in his own room.  While it was all of 10 feet away from our room, I was a wreck.  This monitor was a life saver.  If I wanted, I could crank the volume up to high and actually hear him breathiing.  For the first week, I slept with this monitor right next to my pillow and felt comfortable that I knew his every move.  We are working on the second week now.  Maybe I\'ll lower the volume down a knotch this week.  I was also concerned that it wouldn\'t work in our basement, but it works great.  We have a two story house and I can do laundry in the basement while he is in his crib on the second floor and still hear everything.  The only thing you have to remember is that the batteries will die after a while.  I forgot about them and when they started to go low, it was in the middle of the night and made a horrible noise.  I almost fell out of bed when when the monitor started whining.  Other than that, this monitor is very good and I highly recommend it.
I purchased this after a dud of a digital monitor that I purchased at Target.  It is simple and sturdy, has a long battery life, is still going strong after 2 years of daily use, and has wonderful range. It works between our 2nd floor and basement well, outside our stucco house also,  and I can leave it with my neighbor and she has good reception throughout her house. I use a white noise machine and it will ignore it - the voice activation is amazing.  I can\'t think of any cons, very happy with it
We just set up our son\'s nursery and tested out the Sony monitor. I sat in the nursery opposite side of the room from the monitor and whispered as quietly as I could as my husband walked all over our house. He could hear me everywhere he went, both upstairs and down.We were a little concerned with finding a monitor that would work for us, because we live in an old Victorian house with plaster walls. To use cell phones in our house, you have to stand by a window and not move or you will lose your call. The Sony 27 channel monitor worked perfectly! We couldn\'t ask for anything more!
The bottom line is that we use monitors to hear our babies, and with this one you can even hear the babies breathing. With other monitors static and background noises it is impossible. I wouldn\'t trade it, this monitor is safe, and if your considering buying a tv monitor, get this one as well... it is so reliable, the charge battery helps you save money over the long run, and who cares about not being able to put it next to the phone, or on your night stand because of the cordless static, the important thing is that anywhere in your room that you set it, it gets the job done better than any other.
This is the first and only monitor we bought, based on a recommendation from friends, and we could not be happier with it.  It goes on only when there is sound in the room, so you do not hear the constant buzzing and static that our other friends complain of with their monitors.  It is sensitive enough to pick up all baby sounds.  We can hear our baby cry and wimper, or just goo and gaa; we even broke out laughing one night when the monitor went on the the sound of a large baby fart!We have had no problem with the out of range alarm and we have a decent size house (about 2500 sq ft), I have even carried it outside while mowing the lawn and the alarm did not go off.  I would recommend this monitor to anyone.  In fact, my sister in law just got one for her third child after being disappointed with the monitors for her first 2 children.
I\'ve had this monitor for a year and a half now. It works great and I\'ve had no problems with it. When my son is taking a nap I can bring it outside with me and know that it\'s reliable and I will hear him if he wakes up or if there should ever be a problem.
This monitor is great!!  We live in a 3000sq ft home and our room and the babys room are on opposite ends of the house, as far apart as they could get.  We leave it on the voice act option and get NO static or interference.  You don\'t get any background noise, just picks it up when the baby makes noises!  I love this monitor.  The only downfall was I left it unplugged one for a couple days and the battery died in the middle of the night, with no warning.  So we woke up hearing the baby crying from across the house.  But if you leave it plugged in at night and unplugged during the day, there is no problem!  Definitely worth the $49.99!  I would recommened to any parent!
Terrific product- very reliable, works all over my house on different floors, no interference, no static, great voice activation feature that makes it silent until the baby moans or cries!!
no static - clear - picks up every noise!! leaves a new mother without any worries at night
After returning the Fisher Price Sounds and Lights monitor because of excessive static, we opted to spend a little bit more money and get the SONY Baby Call monitor.  What a great decision!!! This monitor is excellent!  It is reliable and free of static.  It has this great option whereby you can set the monitor for noise detection only and it elimintates the background noise that can keep you awake.  Trust me, being first time parents I absolutely wanted to hear our baby, but after about 8 weeks, you realize that you need some sleep.  And this monitor provided the perfect tool.  I will recommend it to all of my friends!!!  DEFINITELY worth the extra money!!!
I threw the basket of dirty laundry into the washing machine without inspecting every piece.  Apparently the receiver had gotten dumped in by an overenthusiastic toddler.  I was dismayed when I pulled out the wet clothes and something large and plastic fell to the floor.  I immediately turned it on to test it, without even letting it dry out first,  Worked like a charm, and still going strong one month later.We got this monitor for the birth of our daughter in late September 2011 and we are still using it.  In fact, we just bought a second identical monitor to use in another room with our new baby boy.  Excellent quality and reliability at any price. and the reasonable cost just adds to the value.  I recommended this monitor to my best friend who is currently pregnant.
We bought this monitor on the recommendation from a friend and have not been disappointed.  We were worried about interference since we are in a residential neighborhood with many other houses nearby, but so far we have not experienced any.  I feel confident that even if we were to start picking up some signals from a different source, we could probably find another of the 27 channels that would work.My favorite feature of this monitor is the \voice-activated\ option that keeps the monitor off until it senses noise from the transmitter.  This is great for bedtime because we don\'t have to listen to the \dead air\ sound all night.  We keep the transmitter about 5 feet away from baby and so far have been able to hear the important noises with the voice-activated option as opposed to it turning on every time she moves or the heat kicks on.  The receiver is rechargeable and lasts a long time (at least 10 hours from my experience) before it needs to be plugged back in.  The receiver also makes a beeping noise if the transmitter is turned off, which is a nice safety feature for middle-of-the-night power outages.Another receiver might be nice so we could just keep one on each level of the house, but I\'d rather purchase it separately anyway if we decide we need it instead of paying more upfront.  Overall this is a great basic monitor for anyone that doesn\'t need fancy video or sensor systems.
I\'ve had this monitor for 20 months now. We use it every day. It works great, we have a three floor house and can use it anywhere in the house without problems. It is small, so it is easy to carry in my bag when I travel. I can hear my son breathing through the monitor, it has a volume feature where I can lower the volume to hear only if he cries. The monitor beeps if for some reason is not getting signal (like the transmitter being off, not having enough battery, interference). It also makes static noises if there are other signals going through, like a cellphone signal, the solution move it away from the cellphone. I keep my cellphone on one side of my bed table and the monitor on the other side and it doesn\'t cause any problems. It has lights that go off when the baby cries, so you can hear and see that there are noises coming from his room. I\'ve never had a problem with the monitor. I would buy it again if I had to.
I\'m a first time mom and being extra nervous, I bought three different monitors (Angel Care and TV monitor).  This one is the best.  It has the least amount of static and an unbelievable ability to pick up any sound.  The rechargeable battery is also great.
This is a great monitor.  I used it to help care for my mother.  I could her her breathing from the other room.
I received this item very quickly!Excellent and speedy service.:)
I love this monitor.  It is so clear.  The only time I\'ve had a beeping problem was when I had the monitor and the receiver on two different channels, and that was my error, not the product\'s.  My favorite feature has to be the voice activated mode.  It really works, and will spare you from having to listen to the mobile or music playing in the room.  It automatically turns on and off when your baby makes noise.  Outstanding product!
We love this baby monitor. Had to replace the cord after accidentally vacuuming it. It\'s otherwise held up for a year. It does beep if it\'s not in a good position, but ours works all around the house, out in the yard, for some distance. We can hear every little noise the baby makes. I really don\'t know what more you could ask for.
This is really a great standard monitor for the price! In our home we experience no interference and use this in a 2 story home. The receiver is very sensitive, if we turn up the volume we can hear our son breathing which is great for us as nervous first time parents. The sound is very clear, not muffled like other baby monitors we have used. The range is very good, it works throughout our home. Range is what made us look for a new monitor after our last and this has satisfied what we were looking for. I wish we would have had this from the start. The monitor is user friendly, you can plug it in and immediately begin using it.
i have had the sony ntm-910 900 mhz babycall nursery monitor for about 2 years.  i have been using it 24/7 for that time.  it has worked perfectly without any problems.  the only improvement that i suggest that they make to it is to improve the volume knob.  there is more dead band in it than i think it should have.
We had used a Sound and Lights monitor for our first child, but when the baby came along and we needed a second monitor, I chose this one because of the many channels.  I wanted to make sure that there wouldn\'t be interference with our first monitor.  The difference between the two monitors is overwhelming!  This monitor does not make popping/crackling noises, or that odd bounding noise that my sounds and lights monitor does.  In addition, the monitor really picks up the baby sounds well and makes them stand out over the background noise.  We play a white noise machine (washing machine noise) and the noise cancelling feature does not eliminate this as background noise- however, it does minimize the sound in comparison to the babies noise in both modes.  I cannot begin to say how wonderful the lack of static etc is, not to mention the choice of 27 channels! My only complaint is that using this monitor has made me supremely dissatisfied with my older monitor- so I may have to buy a second Sony!
I love this monitor.  No fuss, no muss.  I plugged it in, charged up the the battery and haven\'t given it a second thought since then.  I got static a few times, but it didn\'t last long enough to bother changing the channel.  I highly recommend.
We just bought this monitor for our daughter, and we love it!!!! Our old monitor was picking up truckers on a local highway and getting crossed with another monitor in the area...weird because we live in the middle of nowhere.  We had enough of that.  Bought this monitor on the recommendation of a cousin who has twins and we just love it.  No static.  You can actually hear our daughter breathing!  I wish I had this when she was a baby.  We are going to buy another one for Baby #2 due this summer.  I highly recommend this monitor.
This is the best monitor I have had!!!! Very clear In every channel, And the voice activator light Are perfect Because with every little noise You see the lights go on, The rechargeable battery in the receiver Last for a good amount of time For the price is a bargain!!!!
This monitor is EXCELLENT. It\'s  very sensitive, so even the lowest baby moan will be heard, but when everything is silent the monitor silences completely, so you don\'t listen to those annoying noises of regular monitors.It\'s so sensitive that at night we put the volume on the receptor lower than the half way, so we don\'t jump out of the bed when my son cries.The battery lasts a lot and it\'s light enough to be attached to your belt.With the multiple frequency options, we don\'t have any interference at all (except when the receptor is beside a cell phone, but this is pretty manageable).
We loved it so much, we bought a second one of these to monitor our second child. We\'ve been using our first one every night for 3.5 years and it still works perfectly. Range is fantastic...we can go to the neighbors house and still monitor our little ones. Every once in a while, we get a little interference from our laptop but we just move the receiver a few feet and it\'s fine. You can\'t ask for more for the price. Thumbs up on this.
We\'ve had this monitor over a year now and it\'s still working fine.  I love that you can set it to a \sound only\ mode and it picks up different noises that\'s not the airconditioning drone.  Really great product!
I\'ve been using this monitor for about a year and have no complains at all. People comlain about annoying beeping. Yes, the receiver starts beeping when the monitor in the nursery is being turned off but I think it\'s nessesary.  Parents should be warned that the monitor is turned off (accidently ot whichever reason)...I think this monitor is definitely worth the price!
This baby monitor works wonderfully in our small, two bedroom apartment.  The \voice activated\ feature allows us to enjoy peace and quiet in any room without the constant static/buzzing of other monitors, and when our baby boy makes a peep, our monitor turns on so we can hear him.  I would DEFINITELY recommend this baby monitor to anyone else.
We have had this monitor for four years now and we are getting ready to purchase another one to use with our second baby that is due soon.  Our home is about 4,000 sq. feet and our daughters room is at the other end of the house from ours.  We have no problems hearing her perfectly, anywhere in the house.  We have never replaced the battery and we take it with us whenever we travel.  Do not waste your time or money on any other product, we tried the Graco, Fisher Price, and the Summer and were disappointed.  Congratulations on your little one and enjoy hearing those precious sounds through this monitor!
This is our third set of Sony Baby Call monitors. Our first set was literally used to death. Our second was given away to a relative who loves it. Our most recent set is working great. We love the affordability and the features. I would definitely recommend this product.
I got this monitor for the rechargable batteries. I am quite certain I will never need 27 channels, but I have gone through 5 channels already with cordless phone interferance on either my phone or my neighbors. Most monitors only have 2 channels, so given a choice between 2 or 27, I\'ll take 27.  The range is not so hot, sometimes I get out of range beeping only a few feet from baby\'s room.
Very sensative, picks up every sound even from other rooms.  Good signal range.  I would definitely buy it again and recommend it to others.
These moniters are great. They pick up everything and I mean everything. When my baby moves around I can hear it on the moniter, which I like. They also beep if you go out of range which is nice because otherwise you\'d never know.
My husband and I are gamers.  We play the same game and were having trouble communicating between two different rooms.  We bought two of these monitors with receivers and transmitters in the same place.  They work wonderfully.  I would highly recommend this product for young parents.  The quality is well worth the price.
A great monitor... it\'s like having an extra pair of ears right there in the nursery.  It allows the freedom to be anywhere in the house or garden and still know what\'s happening with baby.  Don\'t know what we would have done without this handy product.
We had problems galore with our old monitor...and I saw this one with all of the possible channels and figured we would at least give it a try. From the moment I plugged it in, I was amazed by the sound quality and LACK of static.This may be a little more expensive than some of the other montiors out there, but do yourself a favor and buy this model from the get-go.
THis is an awesome monitor. No static and I can hear my baby clear as a bell even when outside.
If you\'re held up on buying this product because it has only one receiver, think again. I LOVE this Sony set but also had great need of two receivers. I found them at [...] for an awesome price and even got them shipped to my home within a week for only 97cents.This is a buy that you won\'t regret. A really fantastic product and probably the best baby monitor on the market now.[...]
I have owned this monitor for 2-years and I can honestly say it is VERY worth the $30.00. It has great distance and I really like the voice activation. My daugher sleeps with a fan in her room for white noise and this is amazing that it doesn\'t pick that up or the occassional glow worm music she falls asleep to. Don\'t waste your money on another monitor set!
We had, or should I say suffered with, the FP Sound and Lights Monitor.  It was beyond terrible.  After dealing with the horrendous static and screeching sounds we finally purchased a second monitor.  Why did we wait five months?  This is an unbelievable product.  With all the channels we easily found one that worked (no small feat with almost all our neighbors having babies too).  The best features are the voice activation option and the rechargeable battery.  I never realized quite how terrible the old monitor was.  It seemed like everyone else had the same problems.  No more, I will be telling everyone how great this product is.
There is little noise in the background and the batteries last forever!I would love it even more if it had two receivers.
Got this for a gift, not too expensive and the reviews were good. Weeks later I spoke with the new parents and they are happy with it and the way it works. LOL it was the only gift like this that they got. Only thing I forgot was to get batteries for it.
Our previous Sony monitor\'s speaker unit was fried during a summer thunderstorm, so we ran out and picked up a cheaper model off-the-shelf at T@rget and it was terrible. Thanks to Amazon Prime, we only had to endure the cheap replacement for 2 nights before our new tried-and-true Sony monitor arrived. The other monitor went straight back to the store.
Don\'t waste your money on cheaper models. The sound quality of this monitor surpasses all others that I have tried in the past. I have a lot of kids in the neighborhood and I always had trouble with interference from other monitors, walkie talkies, etc. and with 27 channels I don\'t have this problem any more. I will never use any other monitor again.
I bought this monitor for my third child.  I had \The First Years\' monitor for the other two, and was always disappointed with its reception.  The Sony monitor has multiple channels that help remove interference, and an impressive range.  If the parent unit is too far away from the child unit, a warning beeps sounds.  The monitor is so good that the baby sounds like he is in the same room with me.  I definitely recommend the Sony.
I went ahead and purchased the Sony Baby Call myself.  I read all the reviews and they made this one sound like the best buy.  Well the reviews were right!  I want to feel safe at nite while our daughter is sleeping.  I connected everything very easily! I turned it on, and INSTANT RELIEF!  I could hear her breathing, and I heard when she turned.This made me feel very safe &amp; comfortable because right now she has a lot of upper respiratory congestion, and I worry about breathing problems.Highly recommend this product!It makes you feel safe!
